David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is this is this idea where um And you know, obviously this a lot is very inspired by my recent uh kind of spiritual experiences and journeys, but that, basically, like Kenzo, is able to. So there's a game play aspect, and then sort of like the the World building aspect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So in Tal Bar there are all of these different um. There's the material plan that we exist in right. And then there's like the plate of souls, where all of the different souls, all living beings in Talgar have, like a lifeforce and energy that's connected to like the plane of souls. Okay. And So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So when when Kenzo uses his key to like fight
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or do things, he's basically has been like thus far drawing key just in a non, you know, in like a an an ambiguous way from from the the uh, the plan of souls, and what he is now beginning to learn through this, this, this kind of individual quest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are all the different types of key that are out there. And there's like fucking so many different types of key that are associated with different types of life. Okay, And the Lizard folk are like fucking the the They're like the, you know, like the indigenous peoples of Cow Bar. Right like they are like super super in tune with all of the life in the jungle. And just wherever you know, wherever they inhabit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so they're able to like work with key That like is from all of these different sources, right? And so they're basically able to like kind of like shift from the material plane into the the plan of souls like way more fluidly, and the plan of Souls and Tim correct me if i'm remembering the cosmology here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's also like a um. There's also the plan of dreams, right so like there's a dream world. And then there's like the plan of souls. And then there's all of these other kind of dimensions that are like in Z Z, and that maybe not even, you know, Zoom anyone out of the right play which is like outside of the exactly like whatever whatever kind of realms that kind of are higher realms and lower realms right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so there's also a weird way in which these souls kind of like the plane of souls like, enables these sort of passageways between these different, like realms and planes. And so what Kenzo is like starting to like, Learn from his lizard. Folk like Quest is like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mit ctl, and different types of specific like plants that are in this jungle that he's learning to commune with. And then he's learning to basically like pull key from those plants to like, then do different things right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and actually over time. As he grows in his power, he'll be able to get key from, like all kinds of like. We're living things, and they are. They're almost like charges of magic items, you know, like some of the weird like, you know. Imagine getting like a key from like a super crazy like ancient forest like super inch and tree, and he's got a couple of those key, and they're like charges of magic items right that let him do super crazy things, but only like once, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, the two extra points. Um, one is that uh?
Timothy Sackton: So this is all connected to the original sort of metaphysics of tag our where,
Timothy Sackton: but for any before time, right there weren't other planes everything was just
Timothy Sackton: so like all of the spirit realms were. People didn't die. Time didn't pass. There was no like,
Timothy Sackton: but the journey world was part of Calgary. Like all of these other higher dimensions were part of town. Of all the elemental plants in part of town are.
Timothy Sackton: And then, when they were,
Timothy Sackton: there was a there was the moment of in time where everything was kind of
Timothy Sackton: scratched like that, like pulled apart by
Timothy Sackton: bar on and mollet by the two sort of Creator gods which created the multiverse
Timothy Sackton: But there's like, but it's like pulling like silly party, or something like this little strings
Timothy Sackton: that connect to Talgar. So that's like when you
Timothy Sackton: you know, outside of Tokra, when there's like a weak point to pandemonium or a weak point to
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: the arborea. That's like the remnants of these strings. But of course,
Timothy Sackton: the planes of souls, these like strings, Don't necessarily connect to physical locations. They connect to
Timothy Sackton: kinds of life
Eric Rosenbaum: that still carry some echo of that
Timothy Sackton: um and the Lizard Folk kingdom in which you're in um.
Timothy Sackton: The the kingdom of Barakatu,
Timothy Sackton: near this place that's called the footprint of the gods,
Timothy Sackton: or Asda Makua in the Lizard Folk tongue, which is a place where where this density of these strings is very high.
Timothy Sackton: So there's lots of like connections, and that is so. They're sort of like the guardians of this place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so the other kind of like, you know, kind of gameplay things. It's like a um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm just i'm just reminding myself of all this, Tim so,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what was the deal again with the four specific plants that we were talking about? So those are like the echoes of. So there's
Timothy Sackton: four different types of keys. I This is all I put this all in your in this kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Uh Here, let me in this kenzo document. I'll i'll text you a link.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, right, there's this thing about the spirit realms balance
Eric Rosenbaum: the magical realms to these kind of two poles of the rights.
Timothy Sackton: So the fork. Plants that kids have learned about
Timothy Sackton: are
Timothy Sackton: are that sort of are the connection? Are the
Timothy Sackton: the plate, the sort of life forces where this these different kinds of key tend to collect on the material plane, or at least in this place, part of the world.
Timothy Sackton: So um a mezza is a jungle tree that's
Timothy Sackton: short and shrubby, and
Timothy Sackton: the name translates to dream Berry,
Timothy Sackton: and when it grows in it it's like, accumulates dream key, which is connected to the dream world.
Timothy Sackton: Hutu is a
Timothy Sackton: a flowering vine that um grows up the trunks of large trees and the leaves. It can occasionally turn white when it grows near places that the Lizard folk have
Timothy Sackton: um blessed with the spirits of their ancestors, and it's that gives its name in common, which is whitely fine,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: that gives you
Timothy Sackton: the key
Timothy Sackton: called Spirit key
Timothy Sackton: um is connected to the land of the dead. So in Lizard folk mythology, the
Timothy Sackton: there's the land of the Dad is like this veil that separates
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: lower, the like lower spiritual realms, like the lower dimensions, the higher dimensions, and it's it's
Timothy Sackton: hypothesized to be very dangerous to cross over that boundary,
Timothy Sackton: so you can sort of project your spirit into the lower spiritual realms without too much danger. But if you try and go beyond the land of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: That's like where only the spirits of the dead go, and you risk severing your connection to your body entirely.
Timothy Sackton: Um Ohhana is the
Eric Rosenbaum: what happened to Kyle?
Timothy Sackton: Exactly. Kyle clearly went past
Timothy Sackton: that padry many times. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Ohhana is the name for one of the largest species of jungle trees that's often dominant among the emerging trees that grow above the canopy.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: also related, and this is the
Timothy Sackton: he called
Timothy Sackton: uh called Uh Life key. These names are just like they're probably have a thousand names and different languages, so can always make up new names to replace them if they're not satisfying.
Timothy Sackton: But this is connected. This is the same kind of key that
Timothy Sackton: the sort of
Timothy Sackton: he um
Timothy Sackton: the primal forces of nature and abundance, is what Kansas already kind of experienced with the god trees of something like I.
Timothy Sackton: So that's connected to your staff, and the last one is
Timothy Sackton: Bertara, which is the name for a water lily that's
Timothy Sackton: cultivated by lizard folk,
Timothy Sackton: and is known as like permanent ski,
Timothy Sackton: and as sort of the counterpoint to Oh, Hannah, it's the sort of solid foundations on which,
Timothy Sackton: while the buttons can grow,
Timothy Sackton: so those are the four ones that kids are knows about, and they all,
Timothy Sackton: and be
Timothy Sackton: like These different plants are kind of the
Timothy Sackton: so the Lizard folk will, like, you know,
Timothy Sackton: dry the flowers, the purple flowers when they bloom in just the right time and place, and use that
Timothy Sackton: as a
Timothy Sackton: as a sort of source of this kind of key, and obviously, like Goths, is probably connected to the same thing totally. That's it. Ten thousand percent like So Goth is like, you know, probably collects the key of the land of the dead right? So it's another way of getting spirit key.
Timothy Sackton: So these these kinds of and there's probably other kinds of key that Kenzo Hasn't discovered yet. Right? Oh, there's there! There's some. There's infinite different kinds of key that are out there; that because there's effectively infinite dimensions to these,
Timothy Sackton: I mean the the way that um
Timothy Sackton: the way that the lizard folk would have taught Kenz about it is that it's sort of
um
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Inside it's fractal right? So every time you so you can go to the you know, experience the world of the souls, which is kind of like the base layer, the plane of souls.
Timothy Sackton: And then you go to the dream world. But then, inside the dream world you can go to like, there's always more echoes and more layers. Right, so you can never find the end of the spirit realm. But you'll always come against this this barrier, this veil
Timothy Sackton: and the crossing beyond that is moving to the lands of the gods. Basically
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry, Tim, and just to clarify one thing, I just want to try to make sure I I get it so,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: because remember, like in the in the last time the one on one. The plan of souls was kind of this, like super crazy, like, you know. Dream like you know, kind of navigate around and like, Oh, yeah, like, I guess i'll play top of this all in character. But yeah, like Kansas did some questionable things and visited some questionable people and entities uh as a part of this that may have consequences about that. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, because uh kind of freestyle a little bit in ways that maybe are gonna cause us all to die like we'll see um. But uh um, But yeah, because like basically it's like in the plan of souls. That's where these like connections exist. Right? That's where you can kind of like figure out like, okay, like, where's Where's well be so like, Where's Kyr's soul, you know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's sort of like a a nominally like like three d realm that you can traverse that as connections to these, to like the spirits of like to the living to all of like kind of the things that have life force in Talgar and in other dimensions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Some things that are so currently alive, not things that are deceased.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, so things. So that's what this veil separates right. The souls of those who are deceased go beyond the veil beyond the
Timothy Sackton: variously in different cultures that shows up as the River of Souls or the led to the dead or the veil of the Lizard folk. Kenz has been there once before.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, of course, part of my initiation ceremony
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So but anyways, So when I, when Kenza is drawing key like he's pulling the key like cause when oh, and the only other, and the other time that I we ended up in the this. This the plan of souls is also in the chicoon ceremony. Right? Yeah, this is it. This is the the the of souls.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Shit, that's cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So So the other time Kenza was here was was during that ceremony, right like that, the chickens ceremony. And so in the last in the solo adventure right to him like Kenzo ended up here um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as part of kind of a like another ceremony with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's his name? Al: Azar? Yeah, Al zar the the lizard phone guy. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, anyways, I guess. Because yeah, the other thing, Tim is like what I was trying to remember from all of our other past conversations. It's like like after Kenzo leaves this place I can, leaves the wizard folk right like. Part of my thought was that,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, because the the spirit world or the the the plan of souls. This is like, you know. You can nominally act. How do you get back here through like specific locations in the material plan? Is that right? Or can you kind of meditate and get back there, or like touch it? It's I mean, you don't you don't really know It's
Timothy Sackton: the the only time that Kenzo has ever experienced the playing of souls is three sort of specific rituals right via the
Timothy Sackton: uh. The other time you were there was Kendrick's dream Staff. Exactly. Yeah, it's a like can dress as dream staff.
Timothy Sackton: This thing with the Lizard folk. The ritual was cocoon,
Timothy Sackton: so it's clearly like connected to a certain ritual behavior which one could potentially learn how to do. But Kenza has not learned how to do yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I think that could be really because this is one thing we we talked about right. I think it'd be like cool, and perhaps mediated through a staff or through like these different plans, because that was the thing, too. It's like like my thought is like during this period, while he's like waiting for, you know, like as he's been waiting for the other the other kind of adventurers to show up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's like dieting on the plants he's like, you know, in ceremony with the plants, and he's developing like a connection with these plants. That's kind of beyond. You know that's both that's both, you know, physical, but also like he's, he's engaging with the plane of like the plane of souls through these plants. Right so, and I for and i'm forgetting now, too, from the last time. It's like that I remember there were some plants actually growing on his staff. Was that true? Like a couple of like the dream bears in the in the plane of souls. The spiritual representation
Timothy Sackton: of his staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it. Okay, So so that could be a part of it, too, is that he learns some ritual, so that, like mediated, you know, through his relationship with these plants he can like access, not the full on plane, but maybe he can access like the the the the spirits of these plants, and these plants are indigenous to this jungle. So it's like by having that connection with these plants
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anywhere, you know, because they're not part of him. It's like he can. Then he can. Then you know, kind of commune again with his lizard folk like mentors and family. Um, but you know, mediated through this like relationship. Now that he can like, kind of you know, draw this key.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So I think I mean, I I Um, yeah, we can figure that out. I want to. I want to get to some. But but I I would say I would just add, The one thing is that? Um,
Timothy Sackton: Uh: So
Timothy Sackton: yeah. So this what we're looking at now the like plane of souls itself is kind of, I mean pens. I was already kind of looking into the plan of souls whenever you use your soul site right like that. This is the like base layer that's relatively easy to trans transition into. But
Timothy Sackton: um! But you know,
Timothy Sackton: moving around and like finding all the doorways to other navigating, it was something is much trickier, right right? And Of course you can navigate that. You can navigate into the dream world that way. That's how how Kenz has gotten to the dream world in the past is through the plain souls
Timothy Sackton: right. But then there's obviously other places you can navigate, and you can eventually learn to navigate to the
Timothy Sackton: the land of the dead, or even beyond,
Timothy Sackton: which, of course, gets much riskier, because then you're like venturing off into like,
Timothy Sackton: you know, both the good and the bad right like That's where the abyss is, too, is like land of the dad,
Eric Rosenbaum: where the demons
Timothy Sackton: exactly right. So it's not just good things beyond the land of the dead right, and it's not just good things in the
Timothy Sackton: in the spirit world, too, right like there's a symmetry. So if there is a land of dreams, there is also a land of nightmares.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Timothy Sackton: So this also risky. Why, you don't want to necessarily venture into the spirit world without a guide,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you might find yourself trapped in the land of nightmares. Well, this is. This is also like very ayahuasca, too. It's just like you know. It's like you got it. You got to know what the fuck you're doing Otherwise you get seriously fucked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um! But uh, does this all connect to the elemental plan? Can you get to the plan of magic. Or is it just totally orthogonal systems?
Timothy Sackton: They're they're They're like two polls where they're They're on this. It's in between them. Yeah, I like that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this will be like, you know. But how we ultimately uh um save or destroy the world. It's gonna involve kenzo and seeker like, you know, like like uh doing some kind of a. You know the material plan is here, and then we like crumble it all into a piece of paper and throw it away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tanzo and seeker are completely reversed from rye and tire. Oh, that's funny! I love that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mhm
Timothy Sackton: and deal with it still, though
Timothy Sackton: Forest Fighter
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shadow King, and
Timothy Sackton: it to still be
Timothy Sackton: rogue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a remember. These are rogue in both campaigns. Right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in high school. He was around for sure in this character in this campaign. What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's? He literally has been a rogue in both campaigns.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is it? Where it's so funny?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that trick of doing
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: putting the generation frame on a single person at once made it work much better than trying to do to make sure all of us at one time It it the figures. Yeah, all of them struggle with multiple figures.
Timothy Sackton: That makes sense. Okay, So with that
Timothy Sackton: set up Um, i'm gonna let's start Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh, I don't know if either did either of you look at my like little um, you know,
Timothy Sackton: introducing characters, notes
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, I liked that idea in principle, but I did not.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you Don't, really have to record the notes. The idea of the of the notes was just. I found something off on Reddit somewhere that was like, Here's a night. If people don't wanna if people are struggling to like,
Timothy Sackton: improvise good descriptions,
Timothy Sackton: the basic idea is just where did I put it?
Timothy Sackton: The idea is rather that so like the way we like introduce characters can be a little bit. The idea is to like basically one or two sentences start with like overall physical features,
Timothy Sackton: then arms, armor, and clothing,
Timothy Sackton: than any like symbols and decorations, and their meaning,
Timothy Sackton: our context, If their meaning is not obvious, then whatever sort of unique feature or personality signifier is
Timothy Sackton: like to your character,
Timothy Sackton: and then we'll skip this because this is kind of like a
Timothy Sackton: straight introduction, but for like reintroductions like, if we do this regularly in the main campaign, you do
Timothy Sackton: a recently revealed fun fact about your character, and then like
Timothy Sackton: something about your character's current mood.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Timothy Sackton: Here's the here's the link, but I I want to give it a try, because I feel like my introductions. I mean, I like the like. I like playing around with session starts, and I think getting
Timothy Sackton: the players a bit more involved is has a sort of nice
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: Us has some appeal.
Timothy Sackton: So let me start by just recapping the scene as we
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: uh as we begin, and then i'll
um.
Timothy Sackton: I'll throw it to
Timothy Sackton: you to introduce Kenzo and introduce your character, Eric
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: we begin our adventure today in the Lizard Folk village of Badez,
Timothy Sackton: a small settlement on the western edge of the kingdom of Oracatu. In the jungles far to the east of Talgar.
Timothy Sackton: The velocity of a but as is
Timothy Sackton: well, it is small. It is relatively famous across the kingdom, as it is the
Timothy Sackton: the village that is known as the guardian of the footprint of the gods known to the Lizard folk as the As to Lakoua,
Timothy Sackton: a place that's rich in magical power and spiritual energy, and is,
Timothy Sackton: according to legend and myth is ah! The actual footprint of one of the Lizard folk, firstborn as they wandered, the world shaping the streams and jungles and marshes and rivers of Tagar behind them,
Timothy Sackton: and in their footprint they left behind
Timothy Sackton: connections to the spirit world and connections to the
Timothy Sackton: Uh world of magic and the elemental planes.
Timothy Sackton: And so it has always been a
Timothy Sackton: rich place in the legend of
Timothy Sackton: the Lizard. Folk of this land and Lizard folk have lived here for
Timothy Sackton: a very very long time as long as the oldest lizard folk
Timothy Sackton: and the oldest tales that the oldest lizard folk can remember.
Timothy Sackton: More than a year ago
Timothy Sackton: a a
Timothy Sackton: lizard folk of the village of but
Timothy Sackton: man,
Timothy Sackton: you know, sometimes disbelieved for his um
Timothy Sackton: excessive enthusiasm and excessive.
Timothy Sackton: The Lizard folks of this kingdom tend to believe that everything comes in its time, and that if you just wait, the natural cycles of the world will reassert themselves, and Elzar does not, and so is not always listened to, but he began warning of signs of disruption in the jungle, of
Timothy Sackton: the of elemental corruption, of
Timothy Sackton: dangers
Timothy Sackton: as to the of some disruption of the balance of this richly magical place.
Timothy Sackton: For over for a year or so his warnings were not heated,
Timothy Sackton: but the coming of a stranger, a human monk from far to the west started a chain of events that led to Arosa, the matriarch of the village, sending for aid from the heroes of Oracatu,
Timothy Sackton: the call, Come to bedazz journey to. As to Lakua, find out why the power and influence of the elemental plains is seeping into the world
Timothy Sackton: and stop at me
Timothy Sackton: today. About a month after Kenzo arrived in this jungle, many heroes have gathered in Medes is full of life and energy.
Timothy Sackton: This afternoon the elders gathered and asked the ancestors to bless the journey, and to help choose who of the
Timothy Sackton: handful of
Timothy Sackton: champions who had gathered
Timothy Sackton: will be said, who will be blessed to complete the journey,
Timothy Sackton: and as the ceremonies wind down, and the elders accused themselves to consult
Timothy Sackton: um Kenzo, you find yourself at Luc ends.
Timothy Sackton: The expedition will leave tomorrow with one or more of the champions of,
Timothy Sackton: or a C to joining you. But for now you find yourself, though I had a scene for this
Timothy Sackton: you find yourself at the at the edge of the river,
Timothy Sackton: as the sun is thinking,
Timothy Sackton: gazing across the cultivated plots of Heritaro floating in the peaceful evening light,
Timothy Sackton: when the quiet is broken by sounds of footsteps and the loud gurgle of a baby lizard folk marking the approach of the first of the champions chosen to accompany you on your journey.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. Do you want to introduce your character?
Eric Rosenbaum: You see that
Eric Rosenbaum: a tall Don't
Eric Rosenbaum: lizard
Eric Rosenbaum: priest,
Eric Rosenbaum: wearing
Eric Rosenbaum: voluminous
Eric Rosenbaum: dark cloak that swirls around him,
Eric Rosenbaum: and you can tell that it's decorated in a sparkling way, but it's hard to fix your eyes on the patterns in it
Eric Rosenbaum: out of the corners of your eyes
Eric Rosenbaum: like seeing
Eric Rosenbaum: dim stars
Eric Rosenbaum: just as night falls.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see patterns appeared
Eric Rosenbaum: at the hem of the cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: he's wearing a
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: uh lattice work free
Eric Rosenbaum: a light pack
Eric Rosenbaum: with elaborate contraptions and connections and buckles and attachments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah! And strapped him as a staff, and what appears to be a tree branch covered with little metal bells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: most silently
Eric Rosenbaum: cradling in front of him. The smallest lizard took person you've ever seen. A
Eric Rosenbaum: A baby with huge eyes, and these
Eric Rosenbaum: delicately attempting to feed it, as it squawks regularly to worm
Eric Rosenbaum: and bouncing and trying to calm it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Why, don't you introduce Kenzie First give us a description. Yeah, it just depends on notices, and and it is smiling. Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenza Kenza stands to to greet you, and he's about. Kenzo is about about six feet tall,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looking skinnier than I think, from the previous campaign for reference for Eric, Um looking like he's lost some weight a little thinner, a little more slim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, but very lean and um looking very spry. He's um, wearing now a a cloak a given to him by the with the Lizard folk that's woven from the materials of the jungle. So this is sort of a greenish brownish cloak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um that has a few different kind of uh, you know, patterns and symbols that are woven into it. Um, that that that Kenza has been learning about over the past month here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he still got a very big big hood on um as she throws back. And now has, you know, long, long, long hair that's kind of tied back into a knot, and um again, you know It's grown grown quite long,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Very sharp features looking much, much more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in tune. Awake, peaceful um! And he's wearing uh again uh, under this cloak he's! He's, of course, holding his his staff and the staff again. Is this this beautiful um shape in uh uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: object that has um runs cut in all throughout the bottom of the staff, like swirling around as you go, and as you look at the at the rooms on the staff, as you kind of stare at them from afar Even it's there's a strange, almost effect, whereas you're kind of looking at them, and they're circling up the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You see that there's many, many, many carvings and symbols that look like ah emblems, or you know some type of of hieroglyphics or stories,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but that as you look, and there's many, many patterns. The distance up the staff doesn't seem to change like it almost seems as though there's there's some kind of an an optical effect where they the that carved region does not go up, even as you're reading them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and adorned at the top of the staff. Still, uh some nobby wood with a know, you notice a sparkle of green uh from the top of the of the staff, which is, of course, the uh, the jade pieces that came from both Kenzo and his um. What was the name of the the woman from the um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's kind of a good question any as we have to, but those two pieces of jade are are are embedded into the the of the the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, Kenzo, you know. Got up from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um again carving. He's really been learning how to car, but i'm here with the Lizard folk. He's been learning not not just how to carve uh figurines. He's been learning how to carve different types of instruments, and so as part of his practice with the various plants, and commuting with the plants he's been learning with various songs of the plants, and understanding how to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the plate of souls, is actually very connected to music in some ways as well, and that there's music that um connects to the souls. And so in the material world and in the the material world, Tagar. You know we we interact with the plane of souls through all kinds of different sensory perceptions, and so on. And music is one of those ways. And so the Lizard folk had been teaching um Kenzel how to shape and make different types of wood instruments, so as he's been learning um the secrets of each of these plants. He's also been singing with them, and ah playing different melodies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so he's not a musical person by nature, but he's been learning, and um, and so he's surrounded by a couple of these strange little wooden objects, and his staff, as he, as he stands to greet you
Eric Rosenbaum: like their um
Eric Rosenbaum: triple flutes?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, they look like just like simple simple foods like some really simple one. It's like a aquar now, or something. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ocarina. But then there are also some like, you know, small drums and things like that. So he's been learning how to like, stretch fabric to try to make little drums and things like that. So the little little simple instruments, and you know very much a novice. But he's been He's been very studious, and and learning how to apply his wood carving techniques to creating these instruments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um
Eric Rosenbaum: uh greetings, good sir, I am
um
Eric Rosenbaum: bizarre act you can call me is r for short, and you'll hard me for speaking quietly. I'm trying to soothe the baby here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's our he's our he's our well, he's our um it's a pleasure to meet you. Um, my name is Kenzo. Um, I know. Uh, and i'm speaking in lizard folk now, right him Yeah. So So Kansas Kansas speaking to you in like crew, desert folk. It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's like you noticed. You know the accents like not great. The vocabulary is a little choppy, but like, you know, able to get the job done at least from a communication perspective. And um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um! And he says, Ah, you know I I i'm delighted to meet you. Um! And what's the name of your your little one? You You took this kind of worm yesterday. You loved this warm yesterday. Why would you eat it Now it's delicious! Look at it wriggling. Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: ah! This little one
Eric Rosenbaum: and his twin sister in my pack. There, there's two.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're not mine. They're foundlings, and I am their caretaker for the moment,
Eric Rosenbaum: trying to return them to their family.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, i'm calling them Suzanne and Zach. But
Eric Rosenbaum: who's to say what they're
Eric Rosenbaum: Providence for,
Eric Rosenbaum: uh destination might be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is where? Where are their families? Where's their family?
Eric Rosenbaum: I was told by the one who bestowed them upon he, for better or worse,
Eric Rosenbaum: that they needed to be taken somewhere here the footprint of the gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My understanding that you come to the right place or the right region. At least
Eric Rosenbaum: I certainly hope so. It's been quite a journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and Kenzo kind of looks at the two little ones, and then he reaches into like a pouch that he's. Ah, has, you know, kind of full of various little like carvings? Um! What did What did you say that they just ate. What did they like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, well, I've been. I've been feeding them the traditional
Eric Rosenbaum: infant meal for those and folk which is this particular type of worm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, but in certain locations they can be hard to find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenza reaches kind of rummages through his pouch, and he's got all he's got this pouch for like different things that he's been carving um, you know, as he's been out in the jungle, and then pulls out like um two little two little figurines like one is of like a um, a small um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a small, a frog that he's got like a little tiny frog, and then another one that he pulls out of like a small turtle, and he takes him out, and he says, and then he goes over to you know the the is the one in the pouch. Is it sleeping, or is it sleeping? Yeah, Yeah. Um. So he he goes to the right one,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and um, you know, shows shows them. You know the turtle, and asks, Would you like this?
Eric Rosenbaum: What you get is just a little
Eric Rosenbaum: uh you. You might want to keep uh tender extremities uh to remove the the like.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wizard folk infants have a strong reflex for self-defense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been bitten already. Numerous times in the past. Month. So I? It's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: My actual baby is stirring a little bit. I might have to pick her up in a minute. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: She's okay. That's the point. The one in the backpack can always wake up. It has to be walked around Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, but I thank you that there will be toys as they grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My pleasure, my pleasure.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you two are talking, you see now approaching from the same direction as the
Timothy Sackton: um as um as our came,
Timothy Sackton: a tall, well muscled, wizard folk man standing almost a foot taller than an average human, with green scales, red eyes, and a striking reddish-brown crest,
Timothy Sackton: because they just hard to pin down. But um got this like sort of faint bluish tinge on his facial skills. Scales that those are folks tend to develop as they get into middle age or older, which you know makes you think he's probably at least, you know, in the sort of
Timothy Sackton: past a hundred or so so human equivalent of at least in his fortys. He's wearing a
Timothy Sackton: battered and mended breastplate, which is strapped over it's tough hide,
Timothy Sackton: the leather belts and buckles providing space for the gear of a wilderness survival expert to hang
Timothy Sackton: one hand he's carrying on this
Timothy Sackton: long, vicious looking pike.
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: Stretching maybe three, two feet above his head. So maybe
Timothy Sackton: nine foot pike, something like that decorated with a motif of vines that spirals up the top and ends in what looks like a cluster of thorns, from which the spearhead erupts.
Timothy Sackton: Um blowing with a a dim light that that dims as he approaches to not disturb the peaceful sunset scene
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: as armor is decorated with a
Timothy Sackton: bunch of symbols, kind of like
Timothy Sackton: etched and painted in. Would you,
Timothy Sackton: is our especially Re would recognize as the marks of like various villages across the Um Kingdom of Oracatu, each presumably given, you know, in thanks for some heroic endeavor he carried out in that um village,
Timothy Sackton: and he looks up in it as he approaches, and he says
Timothy Sackton: in in wizardling to you, too.
Timothy Sackton: So uh, I guess you're my companions for this journey. Huh?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That very well. Looks like the case.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose that's how it's turned out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Will be fellow travelers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the five of us
five.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, it does. The double take, and what's over you?
Timothy Sackton: You would bring a
Timothy Sackton: such little ones into the danger we expect to face
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is simply a necessity.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm seeking to bring them home to their family.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know only that they need to return to the footprint of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: They are not
Timothy Sackton: he,
Timothy Sackton: are they not
Timothy Sackton: lizard folk baby is Then
Eric Rosenbaum: They're certainly not ordinary Lizard folk babies. There's something special about them. I haven't quite been able to discern
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim Iias salsite the babies.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: okay, uh make a uh insight check
just for fun
and not letting me do the check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: uh fuck. I roll the one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. That works.
Timothy Sackton: What is it with your What's your modifier? What is the total on the days
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus so eight?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Well, that's not horrible. Um. Oh, that reminds me, actually I so
Timothy Sackton: um in the
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: random aside. So d and d is like west of the coast is currently working on a new addition of D and D. That's supposed to come out in a couple of years.
Timothy Sackton: They're putting out all these play. Test packets with you rules. Mostly. I think it's not worth
Timothy Sackton: worrying about them whatever like. In two years we can stay or change whatever. But one of the rules that they're play. Testing is um inspiration which, like we never really play with. But if you have inspiration, you can use inspiration to gain advantage on a
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: gain advantage Anytime you you roll, and one of the
Timothy Sackton: current rules in the current play test. As you get inspiration anytime you will a natural one,
Timothy Sackton: so let's try it. So you fail, but you get inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that means, I guess. Roll again.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it means that sometime in the future you can use it. You can't use inspiration on the role you just growled. But sometime in the future you can use inspiration and then
um
Eric Rosenbaum: get advantage on the check. You're about to roll, so you can just decide to give yourself advantage. So it's sort of like story-wise. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: you might want to make the natural one consequence a little bit negative, if like
Eric Rosenbaum: something really doesn't go well, so that that can be balanced by right later on. It's like somehow, because of that, you can make something better that that in the first, in the first set of play test rules, they had, you get inspiration on a natural twenty, which we try down for the
Timothy Sackton: rizwin adventure, which is kind of fun, but it it's like piling success on success right? It's like right.
Timothy Sackton: You do well, and you're like awesome. I did. Well, now, i'm going to do even better. So the natural one is kind of like the you know, like exactly what you said like. Oh, it kind of sucks. But now you can,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, come back to it later, and I feel like that makes no sense. If the natural one actually does have some harsh consequence
Timothy Sackton: right which it doesn't always. I guess it doesn't always, but it's always the worst you could do for that particular Jack. Um, in any case uh looking at the at the two babies. One is
Timothy Sackton: the one who is sleeping is is quite content and happy at the moment. The other one is hungry, and
Timothy Sackton: I know I am
Eric Rosenbaum: top wrong kind of one,
Timothy Sackton: the wrong kind of worm. But you don't get a clear sense of any kind of
Timothy Sackton: like You're just not.
Timothy Sackton: Something seems different than other lizard folk that you've sort of experienced that you've like kind of certainly like a Azar. You've to spend a lot of time with, but it's hard. It's hard for you to tell if that's just because they're little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. You haven't spent a lot of time with it for babies, or if it's because of something else about them
interesting
into this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna like if I want to do a check like that like, How often can I do that? Can I like, do that like every now and again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, like, you know, every day or so? Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: so. It's our notices. That kind of is interested in the babies, and well, you cannot.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can try giving them their worms on their next meeting, if you like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would like that. I would like to learn more. There's something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean something about these might go better than with me.
Analysis.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How long have you been caring for these two now
Eric Rosenbaum: several months?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you noticed? Have you noticed anything particular about them?
Eric Rosenbaum: They're fussy, that's for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: But who knows how they were treated before I got them. They were
Eric Rosenbaum: in the care of a
Eric Rosenbaum: the jaguar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excuse me,
Eric Rosenbaum: uh yes, I I was um
Eric Rosenbaum: bestowed them
Eric Rosenbaum: in another another jungle far from here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: that's right, Tim isn't it. You said a jaguar. Not yeah, jaguar I it it wouldn't have been super far from I mean, it would have been within the same kingdom Right? Not that thousand, not a thousand, but like one hundred.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: ah! She told me what she knew,
Eric Rosenbaum: and asked me to take them on
Eric Rosenbaum: a great responsibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did she know about, or what did she know about them?
Eric Rosenbaum: Little to be honest, aside from what I've already told you,
Eric Rosenbaum: that, and some
Eric Rosenbaum: details of care and feeding,
Eric Rosenbaum: they're quite charming, really. Once you get to know them, they have
Eric Rosenbaum: um The different eye colors this. This one has all the blueish green eyes and others
Eric Rosenbaum: purple. That's quite rare.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How old are they? The two young ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually. No,
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe we'll say
Eric Rosenbaum: this character has not had his own babies. No, he has.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's been so long since I had my own life. I struggle to to remember those times. They we grew up fast
Eric Rosenbaum: and then slow.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the way among those and folk that we,
Eric Rosenbaum: the physical form matures relatively quickly.
Eric Rosenbaum: But that's, you know, relative to our long lives.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's hard to say to be honest,
Eric Rosenbaum: so met again. So this is like the Mandalorian. Now these were like the little yoda kids like
um
Timothy Sackton: the the other Um,
Timothy Sackton: what have you addressing? Mostly, um
Timothy Sackton: is our uh.
Timothy Sackton: Have you traveled through them
Timothy Sackton: footprint of the gods before.
Timothy Sackton: Do you know anything of the place?
Eric Rosenbaum: I I've not been here before. No,
Timothy Sackton: there is a
Timothy Sackton: godly look about you. I thought maybe
Timothy Sackton: you might have some experience,
Eric Rosenbaum: a godly look.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you see him in tune with the this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can hope I can strive for that kind of connection.
Eric Rosenbaum: My study and
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: the connection are to the
Eric Rosenbaum: the stars.
Eric Rosenbaum: I work with the power and constellations.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is the relationship between the constellations and the plane of souls, the stars in the sky,
Eric Rosenbaum: a plane of souls.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have not heard that turn before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What What did the Lizard phone call plan to solve him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some cool name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gotama
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotama.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps you're going to go
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: as far as we know the stars do draw
Eric Rosenbaum: their power from there.
Timothy Sackton: I I must ask
Timothy Sackton: if you are in tune with the stars. Is there any
Timothy Sackton: truth to the rumor that
Timothy Sackton: the souls of great heroes sometimes can go live in the sky
Timothy Sackton: and be seen below.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many have said these things
Eric Rosenbaum: since the down of time,
Eric Rosenbaum: whether it's literally true. That's
well.
Eric Rosenbaum: The story we tell the little ones. Of course
Timothy Sackton: the others say the skies have changed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if that is the
Timothy Sackton: natural life and death of whatever a star is, or if that is some connection to the
Timothy Sackton: the souls
Eric Rosenbaum: in the world. Aren't There
Timothy Sackton: I I don't know if the stars have anything to do with these, whatever is happening in them
Timothy Sackton: footprint of the Gods
Timothy Sackton: elemental
Timothy Sackton: exuberance.
I guess we'll have to go and see.
Have you been
Timothy Sackton: not for many, many, many years?
Timothy Sackton: I know the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um ten met again. How many parties are being organized to go? Is it just the three, just the five of us, or
Eric Rosenbaum: just It's really the three of us. Yeah. Well, what's this other guy's name in
Timothy Sackton: um in our
Eric Rosenbaum: and Inari? What is? What is your
Eric Rosenbaum: specialization
Timothy Sackton: picks up as take
Timothy Sackton: taps it on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't want to make too many assumptions. Of course
Timothy Sackton: I uh
Timothy Sackton: I've traveled quite extensively through these jungles.
Timothy Sackton: We even been as far as the you,
Timothy Sackton: the great ocean
Timothy Sackton: to the East
Eric Rosenbaum: Red Ocean,
Timothy Sackton: and I
Timothy Sackton: well, I guess over the years i'm
Timothy Sackton: had reason to
Timothy Sackton: hunt and track and
Timothy Sackton: learn from the lands
Timothy Sackton: find things that are lost.
Eric Rosenbaum: We don't even know
what it is exactly we're looking for
is driving this
Eric Rosenbaum: and balance. We've been asked to address
Eric Rosenbaum: hopefully along the way we can.
I'll find it
Eric Rosenbaum: the home of these little ones.
Timothy Sackton: But if they,
Timothy Sackton: if their home is the footprint of the gods from
Timothy Sackton: what the alder said, it may not be a safe place for them until we do something. I mean,
Timothy Sackton: indeed, fire overflowing the volcano.
Timothy Sackton: It seems
Timothy Sackton: dangerous.
Eric Rosenbaum: How large is this footprint of the gods region?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, I could walk across it in a day. It's not
Timothy Sackton: enormous
Eric Rosenbaum: so several miles.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, twenty twenty-five miles at least
Timothy Sackton: a long day, I should say,
Eric Rosenbaum: do we have,
Eric Rosenbaum: aside from knowing
Eric Rosenbaum: how to enter it? Do we have any other
Eric Rosenbaum: clues as to what we're looking for.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I,
Timothy Sackton: Azar said something about a wounded spirit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I recently had the opportunity to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: traverse the trigger traverse Gatama.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's spent much time in Goatama,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to remind me from the last session there was like something there was like a within in the plane of souls. There was like a disturbance. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So what you saw was
Timothy Sackton: um. It was like something was.
Timothy Sackton: So if you think about the connection between the plant, the various echoes of the plane and soles and talgar as these, like little strings that, like drip down
Timothy Sackton: something was
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: was like draining them dry, so that none of the energy of the planes of souls actually made it to Talgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And also and also none of the like, even as far away from the footprint of the gods as the village of the Des, which is like
Timothy Sackton: a two or three day journey
Timothy Sackton: like what kenz what you've heard from Elizar is like all of these plants that you've been studying and attuning to like
Timothy Sackton: their their key, as much is weaker than it should be. It's like been partially drained,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I explain that. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it appears there's some kind of blockage or something that's diverting the flow of that energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I don't think the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, Oh, Elzar is with us. Right?
Timothy Sackton: No, he's not with you right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he coming with us?
Timothy Sackton: He's not He's not a he's not a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He would get killed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some of the one of my my uh mentors here that I've been learning from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shared about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: noticing this this strange disturbance,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know. Um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry, Eric, what's your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: These are? These are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: these are, If you have abilities to sense the the flows of the of the key in this energy, then perhaps you and I can stay, stay tuned, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: try to notice any any,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any irregularities
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting. Do I have? I mean, I have
Eric Rosenbaum: detect magic spell
Eric Rosenbaum: I have.
Timothy Sackton: So you know, I think, the sort of primal energy that powers your magic would
Timothy Sackton: be
Timothy Sackton: from this sort of key.
Timothy Sackton: Right? So your magic doesn't come. You're not a wizard, right? Your magic doesn't come from
Timothy Sackton: It's not arcane. Magic doesn't come from way lines. So in the same way that like
seeker can sort of
Timothy Sackton: sense lay lines, and, like have a sort of sense like that. You would have a a a rough sense, but not like a very
Timothy Sackton: nothing more than like Oh, there's like a
Timothy Sackton: you know, something weird here in the same way. Sort of be analogous to what seeker can sense about late lines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotcha
Eric Rosenbaum: um!
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the name? Tim again of like the word folk deity?
Timothy Sackton: So so there are um there's a part of the Tharsen and and Zeniko I
Timothy Sackton: There's four of them that I have different names, but they're sort of each associated with
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It's. I think I put it in that email I sent to you. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about using
Eric Rosenbaum: divination.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So i'll mention this to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And uh, i'll mention the sailors. Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps tonight
Eric Rosenbaum: I might spend some time in communion
Eric Rosenbaum: with my gods
Eric Rosenbaum: to ask their council.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can ask a single question.
Eric Rosenbaum: The answer may take the form of a riddle, or it may not.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a
Eric Rosenbaum: can be about anything that might occur in the next week or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if I know enough to frame a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we should wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: I naturally carrying these two vulnerable ones with me. Wonder if we'll
Eric Rosenbaum: come into danger?
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: that question might be too vague.
Timothy Sackton: I think we should be prepared for danger, no matter what,
Eric Rosenbaum: indeed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can.
What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sorry if there's a way for you to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: learn more of what we may be looking for, what disturbances might be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: and uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: but the more specifically we ask, I would guess, or in my experience, the more specifically will
Eric Rosenbaum: to learn in the answer.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, Perhaps we
Timothy Sackton: set out in the morning and see what the jungle reveals as we walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is the way of our people. Is it now
Eric Rosenbaum: to attend to what is in front of our faces?
Timothy Sackton: What do you think, human?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that sounds fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll defer to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: both of you. I'm. I'm. Still learning the the ways of the jungle. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've developed a connection with these plants site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can sense that something is I can sense. When something is
off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll stay tuned
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: I was appreciating your cloak. That looks.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there is much
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: There are many stories told in the that fabric
Timothy Sackton: Many
Timothy Sackton: plants you have blended together.
Timothy Sackton: Did you make that yourself?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been learning how to weed it? Yes, with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my my my mentor.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, I spoke with him. He is a,
Timothy Sackton: I guess, a very perceptive man.
Timothy Sackton: It seems. Maybe we would be better off if we had
Timothy Sackton: listen to him earlier.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It sounds as our as it's lizard folk. Yeah, I would. I would know Yeah, everybody. I'm the one on those
right,
Timothy Sackton: and he's he's like he's like a sort of um
Timothy Sackton: like spirit guide of this village, but also it sort of has this reputation as being a little bit hasty,
Timothy Sackton: was treated as a little bit of like a, you know, a Cassandra Cassandra type, until, like Kenzo showed up, and then, like these fire dragons, fire, um dinosaurs attacked, and
Timothy Sackton: everybody is like Oh, i'm! Sure you
Timothy Sackton: you would have heard this. You would have heard this story. So when Kento showed up him, and Elizar got attacked by
Timothy Sackton: dragons that seem to be corrupted by like elemental fire,
Timothy Sackton: and Kenzo saw that in their auras and
Timothy Sackton: reported this back to
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and I forgot to mention that detail. Like out in the lake you see a couple out in the river. There's like a couple of dinosaurs like walking around the Lizard folk
Timothy Sackton: domesticate dinosaurs.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man, like what kind of exaggeration?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, these would be more like a
um,
Timothy Sackton: not quite as big as Bryant sources, but like hadrosaurus, it's something like that. So i'm like
Timothy Sackton: medium-sized long-necked dinosaur
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah Tim, before this campaign is all said and done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas is definitely got a spirit bond with like, probably a pterodactyl right? Something that can fly me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feels important.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Timothy Sackton: So
Eric Rosenbaum: it's him. I I do something.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, it doesn't need to be private.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just bizarre thinking like
Eric Rosenbaum: On second thought
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm a little concerned that we'll bring with us the risk of
Eric Rosenbaum: fiery death by dinosaur breath, or similar.
Eric Rosenbaum: So maybe i'll ask if we're walking into the risk of
Eric Rosenbaum: that type of danger.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: So what is your specific question?
Eric Rosenbaum: Um. So yeah, as we. I guess we'll separate for the night because I have to do my divination ritual and everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's like
Eric Rosenbaum: does
Eric Rosenbaum: entering the footprint of the gods
Eric Rosenbaum: on a quest to restore its balance,
Eric Rosenbaum: expose us
Eric Rosenbaum: to the danger
Eric Rosenbaum: of. And then how would I refer to this type of fire
Eric Rosenbaum: attack
Eric Rosenbaum: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: of attack by fire. I'll just say
Eric Rosenbaum: attack by fire breathing creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, that's such a it's too specific the question, I don't I haven't thought about how to use this divination thing. It's like. What what type of danger? Maybe that's all i'll say.
Eric Rosenbaum: What type of danger will we will we be exposed to on our quest to restore the balance to the footprint of the gods. That's my question.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you you meditate, and you you sort of reach into the sort of spirit of the jungle and the frozen and keenozoa that the Advent first born,
Timothy Sackton: and you
Timothy Sackton: sort of reach out asking them,
Timothy Sackton: What are we going to face. What is the danger that's coming?
Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: and um
Timothy Sackton: for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: Um, nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see uh,
um,
Timothy Sackton: you you you sort of see sort of vaguely forming in in in front of you
Timothy Sackton: just a sort of background of stars on a on a clear night.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And a voice softly speaking.
Timothy Sackton: Earth!
Timothy Sackton: There,
Timothy Sackton: fire,
Timothy Sackton: water,
Timothy Sackton: the forest leads,
Timothy Sackton: the dangers come
Timothy Sackton: earth, air, fire, water,
Timothy Sackton: the forest bleeds,
Eric Rosenbaum: the dangers come.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: over breakfast will
Eric Rosenbaum: we're fun interpreting this together.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So as you're preparing to set out, like you know, Azar is there,
Timothy Sackton: Anari is there? You know, a few other people kind of hanging around just um ready for you to, you know, to get you
Timothy Sackton: uh on on your way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the name of the the village altar again? The the woman
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a Rosa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So just as we're kind of meeting Kenzo, you know, pauses and looks at everyone again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do any of you have any sense of what we should be looking for, What kind of disturbance. What's the nature of this threat? Has anything occurred like this before in the history that you can reflect upon.
Timothy Sackton: Not
Timothy Sackton: um. The Us. Is kind of what is like helping sort of get everybody organized to see you often as
Timothy Sackton: not in the tales of our our people. Has.
Timothy Sackton: Has this happened now? The
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the legends say
Timothy Sackton: the As to Lako as a magical place.
Timothy Sackton: The volcano has always been there. Yes, and it
Timothy Sackton: erupts.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but
Timothy Sackton: never so.
Timothy Sackton: They were so
Timothy Sackton: quietly,
Eric Rosenbaum: currently.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean by that?
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: so I've been told that if you approach,
Timothy Sackton: there are lakes of lava cutting through the jungle,
Timothy Sackton: and yet
Timothy Sackton: no eruption, no cataclysm,
Timothy Sackton: almost as if
Timothy Sackton: the fire is just
Timothy Sackton: well up from the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: In my vision chronic odds, asking what danger we might face,
Eric Rosenbaum: heard that the forest bleeds
Eric Rosenbaum: There's something
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's bleeding.
Timothy Sackton: It's always been a place of
Timothy Sackton: clear visions and powerful magic.
Timothy Sackton: It's not just the spirit realms that are strong there. It is
Timothy Sackton: the magic of
Timothy Sackton: sorcerers and wizards as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: How might the elements, earth, fire, air, water
Eric Rosenbaum: come into play there.
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: she looks over, and and Elizar kind of cuts in there and says, Well,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the way our teachings explain
Timothy Sackton: the life of a place like
Timothy Sackton: this jungle,
Timothy Sackton: the life of the world itself, the life of
Timothy Sackton: our entire material realm,
Timothy Sackton: magic given soul,
Timothy Sackton: the world itself comes from
Timothy Sackton: the power of
Timothy Sackton: conscious souls taming the raw energy, the raw,
Timothy Sackton: unchecked magic
Timothy Sackton: of the magical realms of which the
Timothy Sackton: the elemental planes of earth, air, fire, and water are the most famous.
Eric Rosenbaum: That suggests that the Lizard folk
Eric Rosenbaum: deities believe that the danger comes.
Eric Rosenbaum: These magical planes of elements
Eric Rosenbaum: from
Eric Rosenbaum: all of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a bit alarming.
Eric Rosenbaum: We see earth and fire present, of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this energy, this disturbance, seems to be connected again with the flow of key, and its inability to penetrate the material world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there an object or guidance, or something you could share with us as we get closer to the footprint of the gods, where we may more easily see what's happening in Gutama that we may eat more easily. Access Gotama
Timothy Sackton: Trust what you've learned, Kenzo, Trust your staff.
Oh, well
Timothy Sackton: remember you can
Timothy Sackton: cast commune with nature once a day.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, which effectively is what you want. Right? That gives you that kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I i'm. I'm just imagining like like like there's stuff happening in the material world related to whatever sucking the energy away. But then, in the actual like plan of souls. There's stuff, so it's like being able to like more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That in greater detail would be cool. I don't know what I mean this very it, you know midnight when the you're like, you know once a day
Timothy Sackton: commute with key power from your staff can be quite flexible to give you right
Timothy Sackton: that sort of perspective as well perfect
Timothy Sackton: back to
Timothy Sackton: what you say. This
Timothy Sackton: forest leads, and
Timothy Sackton: all the elements.
Timothy Sackton: It almost makes me feel as if
Timothy Sackton: the gods are trying to tell us that these
Timothy Sackton: elemental planes are
Timothy Sackton: spilling over, bleeding over into the material world,
Timothy Sackton: and we be cautious as you proceed.
Timothy Sackton: We might encounter
Timothy Sackton: strange things that
Timothy Sackton: Don't map neatly to what you expect
Timothy Sackton: of how you expect the physical world to behave
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed,
Eric Rosenbaum: or perhaps the bleeding is going some other direction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Energy from the
Eric Rosenbaum: souls
blood
Eric Rosenbaum: out from there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we shouldn't delay any further.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed. Let us venture forward.
Timothy Sackton: Anari says,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, let's let's travel. I
Timothy Sackton: It should be about a two day walk. If there was a
Timothy Sackton: those babies don't slow us down too much.
Eric Rosenbaum: All they want.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can to render it. Once they're underway. They'll They'll sleep in my pack.
Timothy Sackton: Just hope if we
Timothy Sackton: and counter danger they
Timothy Sackton: will be okay
Eric Rosenbaum: for me.
I have to.
Timothy Sackton: Well, are we ready to set out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you head out. You travel
Timothy Sackton: it's about,
Timothy Sackton: takes you about two days to journey towards the volcano, and you you can see
Timothy Sackton: it's basically impossible to get mid journey to make a volcano that's not smoking.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, that's funny,
Timothy Sackton: but it's not dramatically the volcano. And despite the image is not dramatically smoking, but you do see like a red glow around the top as you head in its direction.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And you know, as you walk you, you know you talk to an Aari a bit. You You learn that um, you know he's he's travel quite extensively. He's quite curious about your
Timothy Sackton: um. Your stories of
Timothy Sackton: the West Kenzo, and especially anything that you're willing to share, but
Timothy Sackton: and that
Timothy Sackton: Elvin forests in the dentistry, and where your staff came from,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, actually ken's uh Kansas super fucking. Curious, I mean, has been all month to about like. Where the fuck are we like? How big is the Lizard folk kingdom, like, you know. Has anybody here ever interacted with, like you know, non-lizard folk have other elves, humans or dwarves, or anybody else ever ended up out here.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so he he can tell you a few stories about that. So So minor is He's never actually. I mean, he's met humans. You're not the first team he's met. He's met. He's met lizard folk. He's not met a dwarf
Timothy Sackton: um. He tells you that
Timothy Sackton: he did once travel as far as the great Desert.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: So he draws a little map right so there's there's this volcano, and then, as you continue going west, the len gradually begins to slope up from the
Timothy Sackton: um from the sea level, where it is until you get to um a a much more substantial mountain range of which this volcano that you're approaching is like a
um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, like a sort of um,
Timothy Sackton: you know, like a a spur a far distance spur.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some may be infused. We're we're tring
Eric Rosenbaum: east. You're traveling west from the village.
Timothy Sackton: So the footprint of the gods is sort of
Timothy Sackton: the western edge of the kingdom, and then there's like. There's a bunch of sort of uninhabited jungle
Timothy Sackton: beyond the volcano that you travel to. That's um,
Timothy Sackton: so he is. He's as he's gone in there. So you keep going, maybe
Timothy Sackton: at least a week's journey at least a few weeks journey. He doesn't know the exact distance you come to these mountains.
Timothy Sackton: If you go on the other side of the mountains as a desert.
Timothy Sackton: It does in that desert live
Timothy Sackton: people who call themselves gnomes. They they say they're the cousins of dwarves
Timothy Sackton: who left the mountains
Timothy Sackton: many, many, many, many years ago, thousands of years ago,
Timothy Sackton: and settled
Timothy Sackton: in the deserts of the East or the West from his perspective.
Timothy Sackton: So he's met them. He's met humans. There's human ships sometimes come in trade
Timothy Sackton: in the coastal. The kingdom goes all the way to the coast.
Timothy Sackton: Human ships sometimes come and trade.
Timothy Sackton: Um.
Timothy Sackton: He asks you a few questions, and what he says is a human tongue, but you don't recognize it at all. So that's strange. That's the That's the like lingua franca. That's the trade tongue, the human speaker, and here, right but clearly diverged from the
Timothy Sackton: common which is derived from but from drink Orion. So this is far east of anything that far outside the influence of the Durian Empire. Where are the humans? Out here at all
Eric Rosenbaum: an ornament.
Timothy Sackton: If you go, if you go north from where we are, there's There's a few human settlements. If you go south you'll eventually come to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I he hasn't been. But if you sail to the south, he says, there's half links that sail around the the tropical islands near the equator, And there's humans that live there, too.
It's not far from here to the equator.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So with tal of our planet. Is it a planet?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's a planet.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's toroidal, obviously, but it
Timothy Sackton: it's a it's a planet, except that it uh the distance between one unit of
Timothy Sackton: um, the the distance of one unit of longitude doesn't change as you go from the equator to the pole, because that's too complicated.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that
Timothy Sackton: for the flat top and a flat bottom. But those. But there's no space there.
Timothy Sackton: Right? You like. Just go to like we ice or something at the top. It's like
Eric Rosenbaum: you come up to the top, and then it's just cliffs of ice. You can't go past before I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as we get closer to the volcano. Ten um I by the way. New day. I I saw site the kids again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on inside check.
We are not able to just like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice uh twenty, two.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Yeah, that's pretty good. Um:
Timothy Sackton: Pretty insightful. So
Timothy Sackton: okay. So looking at them now, so it at this this point, like sort of midday through the through the the first day of your journey. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you're sort of maybe approaching the volcano. Um,
Timothy Sackton: they're both
Timothy Sackton: Ah, awake now, and sort of playing, you know, playing with each other in this contraption. Right? They're sort of pooing at each other. Um trying to like
Timothy Sackton: experiment with facial expressions a little bit. Um one of them sort of gurgling the others kind of
Timothy Sackton: that,
Timothy Sackton: trying to smile in response, but not quite like They're not really like looking at each other. Their eyes. Aren't quite focused on each other. But they're,
Timothy Sackton: you know, trying to interact, and they're both. They're both at this moment pretty happy and content.
Timothy Sackton: You do. You do get a sense that there is something,
Timothy Sackton: maybe slightly non- lizard folk about them. There's almost a a hint of a
Timothy Sackton: hint of the fay to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fine.
Timothy Sackton: But whether that's because they're lizard folk. Who are they touched somehow or they're not lizard folk. You can't tell
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Eric Rosenbaum: and like a talking jaguar is not a normal thing to encounter, either. So that was probably for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: huh, Dude, I can't wait to fucking. Learn how to channel some fake. He
Eric Rosenbaum: nice!
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but the so the fay wild is an echo of the material plane.
Timothy Sackton: So there's no fay key, but all the key I mean there, is baky in the sense that,
Timothy Sackton: just like
Timothy Sackton: just like from the material plan, you can go like up in the Z-axis to get to all these great realms. You can do the same thing from the fay wild, and get to like fame and use the spirit realms.
Timothy Sackton: But the Fay Wow! Does not itself the spirit realm,
Eric Rosenbaum: he
Timothy Sackton: so, as you proceed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um tens of kinds of asks in our to, you know, just to keep an eye out when we get close when we get close to close to the footprint.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll try to commune with Nature to see if I can learn more of where we should go when we get closer.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah, he's keeping an eye out um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: a, and and you know it's um
Timothy Sackton: as you begin to. You know, as you begin to approach, so i'll say, like basically ports, that towards late afternoon of the second of your second day of travel, Um, he like, holds up his hand
Timothy Sackton: as you're starting to get close, and says, Do you hear that
Timothy Sackton: you like? Listen closely. You can hear like a faint
Timothy Sackton: crackling sound almost like a camp fire in the distance,
Timothy Sackton: like like not like a campfire sound, but like the snap and pop of like when wood, as it's beginning to catch
Eric Rosenbaum: something, he's saying a little bit. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I um
Eric Rosenbaum: silently reach across my body to the
Eric Rosenbaum: tree branch, strong with
Eric Rosenbaum: tiny bells,
Eric Rosenbaum: and uh
Eric Rosenbaum: expend a charge to detect the presence of
Eric Rosenbaum: it's within sixty feet.
And
Eric Rosenbaum: does it sound like it? Would be that close Whatever we're hearing,
Timothy Sackton: it's probably a little bit further away.
Timothy Sackton: It's probably like a hundred two hundred feet away.
Timothy Sackton: You could like creep a little bit closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, i'll creep a little bit closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, do I have to do stealth or anything?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, make a stealth check.
Timothy Sackton: Well actually wait because I'll just if something is, if you get within range of something to hear you. I'll have you. Will a cell phone check at that point? No,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when I use like a community of nature like there is there a range like, Do I get a sense of like how far out like, you know, It's yeah a few miles right? It's not local, and it's not like a hundred miles, but like between one and
Timothy Sackton: ten or something like that. Got it? Okay, okay. And are we in the within the footprint right now, like you're sort of right on the edge of the footprint. Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's hard to say exactly. It's not a strict border
Timothy Sackton: in our it says the volcano is usually taken to be the eastern edge, and you're not quite at the foot of the volcano yet,
Timothy Sackton: but it could. It expands. It contracts like It's not a fixed thing, right? Right?
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: we're with them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm: just gonna to you real quick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, super, sure back in a second for sure.
Back.
Timothy Sackton: Alright. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: we're We're entering the interval of time where
Eric Rosenbaum: she's going to wake up hungry, and i'll have to take her up to Catherine
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any time in the next hour. Probably it's hard to predict that's actually perfect, because I have to. I'd like to go downstairs and get some dinner with my mom in like ten, fifteen minutes, so we can take a break, maybe for that purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, let
Timothy Sackton: let's see what happens. Yeah, let's see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: We we can take a break if we need to, whenever we need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, Yeah, that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Um:
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: Ah did you all
It's Del:
Timothy Sackton: Oh, not yet, because you had said that I was an in range. Oh, that's right. So you walk forward, and and our is going to kind of sneak behind you trying to um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: trying to catch um
Timothy Sackton: the ah
Timothy Sackton: trying to like. Keep an eye on you also sneaking next to you, moving quite quietly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: and this is what you see.
Timothy Sackton: Do the trees There is a flavor of
Timothy Sackton: that is pouring,
Timothy Sackton: and it's strange like it's not like the trees are catching, are bursting into flames.
Um,
Timothy Sackton: there are,
Timothy Sackton: but you know, any. Occasionally a tree will just get immersed in the lava and we'll Ah, the lava will kind of bubble around it for a little while, and then you see one like tumble over, and the hissing gets much louder, for, like um,
Timothy Sackton: for like a few minutes as you
Timothy Sackton: uh standing. There seems to be a droning sound coming from with this in the distance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, in my uh, Is this like an emergency right now. That's happening, or is it sort of like, you know it's contained
Eric Rosenbaum: It's obviously. I mean, it's
Timothy Sackton: it's yeah, it's been here for a while, like It's like It's not like lava coming at you right. It's like You're You're like on the shore,
Timothy Sackton: and there's a river that you're looking at. That looks kind of like just a normal river, but it's lava. It's just the music that makes it feel like we're all going to get attack and die right now.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well, yeah, that, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um. I will commun with plants. I I will. I will. I'll come in with Nature right now, and um got a deeper vibe of what the books went on here.
Timothy Sackton: Uh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything you're specifically trying to learn? Um, yeah, i'm trying to learn about. You know what? If any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: disturbance there is that is, is um. Well, I guess i'm asking two questions. One generally like, what's the location? If there's a physical place we should go look that's centering around this disturbance. And then, yeah, i'll I'll start there,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then is this related to it? Is this lava flow that we're seeing through the forest from that
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: So as you kind of so this takes about um, it takes a a minute or two for you to like. Do this ritual, right? It's not instantaneous. You have to like. Center yourself and kind of reach out your um,
Timothy Sackton: your you know experience through the staff,
Timothy Sackton: and as you as you do this well, you're doing this
Timothy Sackton: now. I need you to roll stealth,
Eric Rosenbaum: everybody.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, just just you and
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and an
Timothy Sackton: oh, well, you guys are pretty good, actually.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he's got
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: It's a good role. Ah, nice!
Timothy Sackton: So Kenza is commuting with nature, and and well, Kenzo is commuting with nature. You can see um, you and Anar. You can see in the distance
Timothy Sackton: what it looks like. A This is probably
Timothy Sackton: four hundred feet away, but it's coming closer to you.
Timothy Sackton: Um! What looks like a
Timothy Sackton: like sort of vaguely humanoid shaped spirit, um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: with like, you know, has long arms um with Ah, that are like you! See the occasional little bits of rock in the arms. But then there's there's just like flame dripping off of its arms. It almost looks like um
Timothy Sackton: like if you shaped a humanoid figure out of lava and let little bits of it cool all across its body,
Timothy Sackton: and it's almost. It's like dancing as it runs. It's like leaping up, and it spins in the air, and it's running from
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: and and kilosaurus
Timothy Sackton: that is just completely consumed by the flames. It's like fire everywhere around it, like swinging its club tail at this at this, like fire creature trying to bash it, and it's just running. It's like running through the lava. This
Timothy Sackton: flame it
Timothy Sackton: crusted dinosaur, making a ton of noise, and like as its tail swings wildly, it's like knocking over trees from the shore like a tree will crash down, and every now and then the
Timothy Sackton: the like magma dancer figure will look back, and then, like redouble its effort to run. Of course it's not moving super fast, like running through
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be affected by the heat, but it's still like a viscous liquid. It's trying to like
Eric Rosenbaum: make its way through. So neither of these two creatures is moving. Super fast Is the dentist are being burned.
Timothy Sackton: No,
Eric Rosenbaum: Are the trees getting burned by the lava?
Timothy Sackton: Not really.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um so weird
Timothy Sackton: uh like the short, like the shores of the river, are not catching fire. But but, like I said, every now and then a tree will actually fall down like from the tail of the and kilosaurus, or something, and when it as it falls down and hits the center of the
Timothy Sackton: of the river. There's this like sizzling
Timothy Sackton: hissing, cracking noise as it catches flame, and then sinks below the lava.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it does burn.
Timothy Sackton: It does burn, but seemingly not on the edges.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we feel the heat from it?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but not as strong as you would expect
Eric Rosenbaum: you can. Actually,
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Probably ten feet from the edge. Okay,
Timothy Sackton: fifteen feet.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, actually, in real life you can get quite close to flowing lava.
Timothy Sackton: Like it doesn't radiate a ton of heat because the surface tends to cool. I mean you tend to get a crust of
Timothy Sackton: all right, Stone, and
Timothy Sackton: so like. If you stepped on it, you'd probably fall through and burn to death.
Timothy Sackton: But,
Timothy Sackton: Tim, uh, can I still site the uh the magma dancing. Well, you are right now, finishing your ritual. And oh, yeah, I haven't gotten my from the and i'm about to switch back to you. So. Okay? Well, this is happening, Kenza. You reached out your your senses and are kind of
Timothy Sackton: um probeing the the sort of
Timothy Sackton: landscape of this forest and the most immediate thing that
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: you
Timothy Sackton: see, like jarring in your vision is like a you know, one hundred and fifty, one hundred and
Timothy Sackton: eighty feet away. Something like that right where this river of lava is, there is just this blazing
Timothy Sackton: ah rift of extra planner energy
like you can almost feel like
Timothy Sackton: the world itself is gone, and if you swam down to the bottom of this lava pool, you would emerge in the plain of fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Timothy Sackton: and you can sense this rift running quite some distance back towards the volcano
Timothy Sackton: from several miles. Like as far as you, as far as your
Timothy Sackton: consciousness can extend,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo Uh takes his iphone out and gets everybody together for a cool selfie with that with, and it's like playing a fire selfie and reaches out of the lava.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, So there's now a direct connection to the plant of fire in the material plane right here. That sounds
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: complicated
Timothy Sackton: uh other other things that Kansas senses, although this is the but like sort of overwhelmingly most dominant thing. Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh, you can also
Timothy Sackton: sense kind of
Timothy Sackton: towards the sort of past the volcano like towards the center of the
Timothy Sackton: of this area of the foot of the gods.
Timothy Sackton: It almost is like
Timothy Sackton: mal from like a tornado that's
Timothy Sackton: pulling all of the
Timothy Sackton: spiritual energy of the jungle towards the center, and not in a
Timothy Sackton: not in a um.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, it's It's like it. It's like, Yeah, like, if you if you imagine this like string model, right? But then you have a tornado in the center, and all the strings get broken and pulled into the center of the tornado.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this separate from what's happening with the fucking crack and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so? There's two distinct phenomena that are occurring that seem to be like you know, massively disrupting like, you know, planes in the universe right now.
Timothy Sackton: Yep,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Um on this note. I think I should probably go downstairs and um, and just see my mom a little bit. Eric. Is this a good time for Youtube?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's not like it wakes up right? Yeah. Oh, the baby is most yeah. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay,
Timothy Sackton: I mean, we can.
Timothy Sackton: We can. We can take a break if you if you want. I mean, I don't want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, yeah, I think it'd be good for me. I I just see my my mom is settled down for dinner, so uh I think to me to go down and just hang out with her for a little bit. But i'll come back up um and uh, yeah, and then we'll see when the baby wakes up in the middle of all this, too. But i'll be back. I'm like, Okay, go ahead. Yeah, How long? We should just just to understand the time, because i'll sign off
Timothy Sackton: and then back on again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I'm only going to need like fifteen minutes, ten, fifteen minutes.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, Let's take a Let's take a ten, fifteen minute break, and then we'll come back, and if we have to take another short break and maybe we can do that. But you guys can also continue discussing what the hell's going on. It seems like there's a lot of fucking shit going on right here. But I i'll be back. Let's just pause. Okay, Okay, we we'll pause.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh we should also have a session sometime where we just like randomly. Look at some old recordings like I would. It would be fun to even look at like, you know, all of these zoom recordings to him like like epic.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that would be fun.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, once Ai gets better. I'll like,
Timothy Sackton: you know, in like two years. The Ai will be good enough. I can just give it all of the session recordings and say, edit this into something watchable, totally holy shit that's going to be so epic. Oh, my God, it's going to be a good start up. I can do that,
Timothy Sackton: maybe maybe maybe three years. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, Let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're in it. Okay. So what's everybody doing?
Timothy Sackton: Kenza, You've just come out of your trance. This new information. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: is there the
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: magma dancer is now maybe two hundred feet away, and closing fast.
Timothy Sackton: The ancestor is hot on its tail.
Timothy Sackton: So now I still cite the magma dancer. Now that i'm done with my Ah, okay. So you move up towards the at the River River and soul site, the back one Answer: Yes, Okay. The magma dancer is angry and slightly scared.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah is. Let's see
Timothy Sackton: um and and uh,
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: you get this sense. Um,
Timothy Sackton: so it's not exactly
um
Timothy Sackton: uh! I was trying to think of how to describe this. So you're looking at it at. Its at its aura and kind of trying to get a sense of its soul. And it's it's um,
Timothy Sackton: you know it's
Timothy Sackton: attitude and and and everything. And
Timothy Sackton: there is something about this I mean the dominant,
The dominant feeling you get is just anger.
So
Timothy Sackton: yeah, from the Megan creature, but also there's
Timothy Sackton: um. So it's f it right in the sense that you
Eric Rosenbaum: um ah
Timothy Sackton: like I mean you've you've soul cited a lot of things at this point in your career, right? Um! And there's that sort of changeable sort of fiery nature to it. That reminds you a little F. But this is definitely not a bay creature. If anything, it seems to be
Timothy Sackton: like, really rich in
Timothy Sackton: like the Ohhana key like this life,
Timothy Sackton: this just like vibrant,
Timothy Sackton: almost destructive energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And there's something else that you don't recognize some other kind of key. That's not one that you've been taught about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's their class and highest, lowest ability for
Timothy Sackton: um. They
Timothy Sackton: are not super strong. They're
Timothy Sackton: like um.
Timothy Sackton: They're like level four like substantially weaker than you. Um and
Timothy Sackton: highest Charisma. Lowest intelligence,
Timothy Sackton: definitely a strong willed creature, a creature of
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but less
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like, full of this kind of
Timothy Sackton: finally changeable energy.
Timothy Sackton: Um. And as you watch as you're associating um
Timothy Sackton: the the ankleosaurus, which is
Timothy Sackton: somehow kind of lumbering along on the surface of this magma gets closer and like
Timothy Sackton: smashes. This magma dancer with its tail and the magma dancer sort of stumbles a little bit and and gets up and keeps running in this
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: this, like blast of
Timothy Sackton: of uh fire like spurts out from it where it's hurt. But the
Timothy Sackton: the dinosaur seems completely unbothered by fire, and it turns around and like shoots from its hand. This, like
Timothy Sackton: um bolt of flame, which again just splashes ineffectually over the dinosaur. It's looking around like,
Timothy Sackton: you know clearly a bit wounded at this point right, and starting to feel,
you know,
Timothy Sackton: as it's looking around you get the sense that it's definitely getting a little panicked. There's panic,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, riding in on the anger a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's maybe a hundred feet away. Now do I? Do. I have time to soul site the dinosaur
Timothy Sackton: uh make a stop check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sixteen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um,
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you're sort of crouched in among the trees. As far as you can tell, nobody has seen any of the three of you.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, in our A, you know, looks at the dinosaur, and like sort of ah points as large, Pike added, and mutter something under his breath. I mean you can see like a little um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: spirit of
Timothy Sackton: Um! What's a good
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: like a forest talk like a jungle hawk? It's like small short, compact kind of a rocks out of the pike and just flies over, and it's sort of hovering over the dinosaur like
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Timothy Sackton: not not visible to anybody. Once it gets there, it kind of fades into invisibility. Nobody
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: not clearly visible, but clearly like marking watching this dinosaur for
Timothy Sackton: Anari um
Timothy Sackton: it's. This reminds you very much of the two ones that you fought before. There's just this like
Timothy Sackton: sort of flame wreath to round its soul like this is not a native of the plane of fire. It's a dinosaur that was somehow been
Timothy Sackton: overwhelmed by the plane of fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you're talking about the fire elementals. We fought in the tower in a
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and then you here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, wait. But did I have that chance to to a sole site? The dinosaur?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, yes,
Timothy Sackton: so the dinosaur is
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: strong,
Timothy Sackton: but not intelligent at all,
Timothy Sackton: and also substantially weaker than you like. Level three on it approximately
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good to know.
Timothy Sackton: So as you are um
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: as you are um watching this, and as it as it goes by, you hear up like a like a buzzing noise, and bursting out from the lava. Um! You see two um
Timothy Sackton: large
Timothy Sackton: flaming
Timothy Sackton: wasps of some kind
Timothy Sackton: seem to be like enormous, was like ten feet across,
Timothy Sackton: just made of fire,
Timothy Sackton: and they come twisting, spiraling out in a burst of fire. Um, and see these two creatures running through the magma and dive down to begin to attack
Timothy Sackton: um initially, both dive bombing on to the magma spirit.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is going
Timothy Sackton: fifty feet away from you.
Timothy Sackton: You are just staying hidden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So yes. But looking at the dinosaur again, so that you know there it's corrected, and it's It's clearly trying to kill the magma creature right? It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and sorry the two things that are dive bombing. Now they're attacking. Who
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the magma creature to the magma dancer. So everybody's after the magma dancer right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um Kenzo just kind of looks at his companions and quietly asks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thoughts on who to intervene for or against
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gathering and looking at their abilities, I think we could potentially disarm them all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But
Eric Rosenbaum: this is a complex situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, i'm inclined to stay safe and watch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, if we stay safe much longer about an argument answers, I think gonna get it right. They're looking pretty like they're they're like,
Timothy Sackton: uh, yeah, like one of the fiery wasps um dives down and and sort of
Timothy Sackton: stings it, and it it does seem like it's. I mean it's not bothered by the fire, obviously, but like the
Timothy Sackton: um, so the like flaming sting doesn't seem to affect it. But then it's like swings. One of its um
Timothy Sackton: uh one of its uh front claws, which you see are like sharpened to points and like slashes against it. And uh, another like burst of fire um comes out of it, and it's
Timothy Sackton: it's taking some damage. It's not
Timothy Sackton: It's not like it's going to die the next hit, but maybe the next the next
Timothy Sackton: three hits four heads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything we can do to um submit or stop the combat
Eric Rosenbaum: like? Why
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do any of you have any abilities? I don't know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sleepiness, creating barriers, physical barriers, anything
Eric Rosenbaum: I can absorb elemental damage,
Eric Rosenbaum: but only
Eric Rosenbaum: when it is directed
Eric Rosenbaum: to me. I think
Eric Rosenbaum: I can create a swirling mess
Eric Rosenbaum: of water, Meelstrom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In a thirty foot radius, and it looks that up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
Timothy Sackton: I mean
Timothy Sackton: I can.
Timothy Sackton: I have some tricks I can play with
Timothy Sackton: the magic of the forest. I can make Foger
Timothy Sackton: speak with animals, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that make us hard to see. Perhaps some fog,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perhaps in fog right now would be useful to protect the the answer,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that they don't die.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're hoping to simply disrupt the combat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: without we can try it
Timothy Sackton: uh
Eric Rosenbaum: to try and check
Eric Rosenbaum: the fog around us to keep us hidden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we're already hidden,
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You might not be hidden for very much longer. Given that you're talking and potentially about to cast spouse, which are not
Timothy Sackton: stealth is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh, but it's also, if we will come on stealthy, and we see who attacks us. We at least know who's who you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's true. I'm not concerned. We can defeat them if they did attack us.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I I will
Timothy Sackton: try some fog.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And he takes. He takes his his his pike any um any like shakes it for a moment, and you can see that like he's beginning to just quickly spin it around, and mist begins to gather around the top of the pike, and then he sort of makes a flicking motion, and says a few words on it.
Timothy Sackton: The myths like spreads off the top, and grows into this
Timothy Sackton: uh forty foot that you know diameter or so um diameter here that
Timothy Sackton: the obscure is a good chunk of the river now, and suddenly the you know everything is cast into this mist
Timothy Sackton: uh the magma dancer is in the center.
Timothy Sackton: Um! The ankalisaurus had caught up, but now is like his like is just kind of blending around, not sure what to do, and you still still see, like little bits of glowing
Timothy Sackton: light from the mat from the lava.
Timothy Sackton: The wafts are above it,
Timothy Sackton: and now are just kind of buzzing around looking for the source of
Timothy Sackton: the spell. And at this point uh why, don't you all roll initiative just to get things organized?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, let's see.
Timothy Sackton: I don't have like pretty maps here, but there's the river of the lava. Don't. Step in that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nineteen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet. There we go.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: at the moment
Timothy Sackton: we have
Timothy Sackton: the magnet. Answer. There
Timothy Sackton: you're all hidden on the banks about ten feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Um! There's an there's
Timothy Sackton: is our, and
Timothy Sackton: somewhere is Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: There is Kenzo,
Timothy Sackton: here's
Timothy Sackton: ah
in
Timothy Sackton: the anklesaurus.
Timothy Sackton: Here are the fire wasps,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh,
Eric Rosenbaum: here is the fog cloud, which is
Timothy Sackton: but one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: let's see. A forty foot diameter is eight squares, so that's too big.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's twelve by twelve.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a by eight. This situation definitely calls for my spell some in your tonic spirit,
which is good,
hey?
Timothy Sackton: It could,
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, why did you roll for initiative?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wrote nineteen
Timothy Sackton: is our Where did you all?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, eighteen
and
Eric Rosenbaum: one,
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: the fire the magma dans it rules or site um
Timothy Sackton: scenario, the three
Timothy Sackton: uh Okay. So kenz out. You're up first. If there's anything you want to do in particular.
Timothy Sackton: Um, you get the you get the feeling just by watching that these two flame wasps have seen Anari at least,
Timothy Sackton: or at least we're able to pinpoint the location of the style
Timothy Sackton: um, and are heading his way, so they have vicious intent
Timothy Sackton: or curious intent is not super. It's not trivial to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll soulside them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's your bonus action. So
Timothy Sackton: um! They are about level five, so they're not medium. They're large.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: so I I also. So learning all this stuff on each one of them, I believe, takes a key for each one right,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's only for if I do still study
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's right. Um!
Timothy Sackton: This is all right. That gives you It's resistances and immunities, and that sort of stuff. And this is just a whole thing. Focus. This is just right, right? Right? Right? I got it. Uh okay, So they are. Um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, they are also strong,
Timothy Sackton: their lowest. Their strongest ability is strength. Their lowest is charisma, and they are about level. Five
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool, and what's their intent?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, they are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um! They seem. Um,
Timothy Sackton: you almost don't get a sense of any
Timothy Sackton: emotion from them at all. They almost seem like
Timothy Sackton: programmed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: autopilot. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: they're certainly not. They they are, they are worked up into a vicious state.
Timothy Sackton: Whether you are their target is not straightforward to tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um. Can I like ready and attack, or something like, Uh, yeah, you totally can. Well, how does writing as hack work?
Timothy Sackton: So you use your action to to ready to attack, and then, when so you could read, you can ready anything you want It doesn't have to be attack, but then it's like you say like, if something comes within the reach of my staff. I hit.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. And then when something comes within the reach of their staff, you hit it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, i'm all ready, and it's I I will, I will ready. What do you say? There was Charisma. The work was the worst.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool. I will. I've already in a sack, and uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do it for? Um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck is the special attack I've got for Charisma disrupting strike.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Um, is our What do you want to do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have all these complicated abilities. Um, just reading through a little bit. The
Eric Rosenbaum: starry form
Eric Rosenbaum: can change me into a constellation of an archer.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: I can make a range to spell attack, using that. And then I can also use guiding volts on the same.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. So i'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: our
Eric Rosenbaum: summons the power of the stars from within himself. And what does that look like? Exactly.
Timothy Sackton: However, you want it to look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, um!
Eric Rosenbaum: He becomes sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: um shimmeringly transparent, and the stars on his cloak
Eric Rosenbaum: leap out and rearrange into the form of a
Eric Rosenbaum: a standing figure with a bone arrow,
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: uh glowing and casting white, sparkling starlight all around me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: And so then
Eric Rosenbaum: sorry i'm trying to figure out what to click on to do. The action for it. So there's guiding bolts which appears twice in my action list. Do I just use both of those?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know why it appears twice in your action list. That's a little strange,
Timothy Sackton: because you have it as a spell, so
Timothy Sackton: so you can use it a number of times without expending a spell slot, and then you also have it as a spell
Eric Rosenbaum: as she.
Timothy Sackton: But use your non-spel slot ones first
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it did Kenzo just attack anybody or no. I just read it. Kenza did not attack anybody. He is just holding on to his staff like Ready.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I also ready my ranged, starry form attack.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: you you yes, but you can't. But you need to use your.
Timothy Sackton: You need to use your action to ready something
Eric Rosenbaum: so you can't cast guiding bolts
Timothy Sackton: and also ready your story format. Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So I'm: just read it. What? Readying the one?
Timothy Sackton: So you can ready one and then shoot it off when you want, or you can do both because the starry form attack is normally a bonus action. I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, Okay, that's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then The one other thing I wanted to do had to do with the omen of whatever it's called
Eric Rosenbaum: cosmic omen.
Eric Rosenbaum: So when we woke up this morning I rolled a dye. So let me roll that Now i'll just roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I got a four,
Eric Rosenbaum: and so that's
Timothy Sackton: whenever that's
Timothy Sackton: that you can help your Allies nice. Okay. So I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you're a
Eric Rosenbaum: con. If you're about to make an attack role, a saving for an ability check, I can roll D six, and add that to it
Eric Rosenbaum: ces before the rule. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. What's your character class?
Wow:
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. I'm definitely excited to like join one of the one-off adventures. Is that a totally different character class I've never played before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, the nd is just full of this learning stuff. It's fun.
Timothy Sackton: Uh. So also remember, you. You might not have noticed this, but if you use your so, you have three forms. You have the chalice, the archer, and the dragon. If you use the dragon form. You also gain a fly speed. You can fly,
Timothy Sackton: gain a flying speed of twenty feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not notice that you can turn it. I use what the fuck Well, a dragon Constellation:
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: um. Just like loving stars. I will do the dragon one instead and ready a guiding bolt. Does that make for sense? Okay, yeah, you can do that good. That's better. You can also change them at the start of each of your terms. You can change your trial. Okay, So i'll start with the dragon form, so I can potentially
Timothy Sackton: okay, awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: And there's two like my Mini dragon constellations on my back.
Timothy Sackton: You hear like this like cloning
Timothy Sackton: thud from within the fog cloud, but you can't see what's going on, and then the two wasps dive down
Timothy Sackton: towards
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: um towards anar a
Timothy Sackton: um. This one here does fly past. You can, so as it's diving down. So if you want to take a swing at it. It's It's diving and down to attack right? And all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, All right. Yeah, i'll attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I will use my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So make your attack role with your staff. Sweet, awesome stuff!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell! Oh, it's A B. Oh, my God! I rolled a fucking twenty. I roll. I rolled a thirty. Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, Okay, that's a natural threat. So double damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's twod six plus six or two da plus six, now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: two d, like six, two d a plus six.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't even meet a cosmic o
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um! That's a lot of damage. Let's so uh to uh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I understand It says six plus six equals eighteen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But then do I double that?
Timothy Sackton: Uh, no, no, no, you've all twod eight, twenty, eight is the double damage. Oh, okay, So I did eight. I did eighteen. Then
Timothy Sackton: you did eighteen damage. Yeah. So you you rolled twice when you all at natural twenty. You wrote twice as many dice, and normally you go one hundred and twenty-eight instead. Got it? Okay, Okay, yeah, So eighteen damage. And then um, Do I still get a bonus action
Timothy Sackton: like a or did that? Uh, no, not on a ready to. That's it. But you can if you want to try and do your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, it's or or just,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where does a disorienting strike. You can do that that you can do whenever you hit somebody. Yeah, i'll do. I'll do it. I'll do a disrupting strike and uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool. I'll spend a key. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, Charisma saved. Um. Oh, they have time for until the end of the turn.
Timothy Sackton: That is a fifteen minus two. So a thirteen, so it fails.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, that's that's when you hit you. Don't need to hit him again. It's when you hit a creature. Oh, the first time. Yeah, got it? It's from my Actually, it works like starting strike. Yeah, it's sick.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow. So they are all in some tracks,
Timothy Sackton: and it
Timothy Sackton: subtracts oned four from all of its attack roles till the end of your next turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? Awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. I'm gonna let's see. Do I have a
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: there's gotta be some
Timothy Sackton: something that'll remind me of this here what looks like it just There's like a million condition. Icons on role twenty. I'm trying to find the
Eric Rosenbaum: because this orienting one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think my key, like Bar is no longer in my character sheet. Just so, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no, I see it. I see it because it's up to ten now. So it's not. I got it. I got it. I got it. Yeah, I see it all right.
Cool.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So um it now dies down to attack
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: that to attack um Anari.
Timothy Sackton: Um! That's a
Timothy Sackton: No. I got a roll of d four,
Timothy Sackton: so that's a
Timothy Sackton: that's an eighteen that hits even with the d four with its sting.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so Anari is going to take
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: five plus
Timothy Sackton: seven, twelve points of damage
Timothy Sackton: um,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: makes a saving throw,
Timothy Sackton: succeeds is not poisoned, and then it swings again in with its its claws.
Timothy Sackton: Um! Which is uh
Timothy Sackton: sixteen,
Timothy Sackton: which
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no, that's the twelve, so that misses from the disorienting strike for disrupting strike, and that end its turn. Um! The next one dives down in a tax as well with it's
Timothy Sackton: uh staying,
Timothy Sackton: and it's so. This one is not disrupted,
Timothy Sackton: staying in its talons, both hitting. So that's eleven,
Timothy Sackton: so that's thirteen.
Timothy Sackton: So twenty, five plus eight, plus seven plus fifteen.
Timothy Sackton: So that's
Timothy Sackton: so far. Forty damage on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He doesn't look that really forty or zero damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the fuck
Timothy Sackton: from the two wasps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not at this point.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: you see, like stumbling out into the woods like running off of the lava in your direction.
Timothy Sackton: Um! This magma creature now dashing and getting to about there with a dash,
Timothy Sackton: and then it's Anari's turn, and he is going to
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: take his pike
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: um! He's gonna stab at the wounded one
Timothy Sackton: Um! Twice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: that's two natural ones at least it's inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it. That's going to swing with the back,
Timothy Sackton: and he's gonna roll uh with inspiration this time. Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: uh, And that's a um.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that'll hit
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the case?
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: one
Timothy Sackton: uh nice. Well, two d twenty keep one. That's advantage. So although the first two stabs just go completely wild, he turns around with the back of his pike. Um, and uh
Timothy Sackton: um wax this guy and does
Timothy Sackton: Will this work?
Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh eleven points of damage,
Timothy Sackton: and that ends his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: And that brings us to
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: We all right. I never got a attack.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, right! You can shoot your ready to action.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where was I in the turn? Order even
Timothy Sackton: your but you're ready to action triggers whenever you want it to. So yes, you can shoot your ready to action now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: Um. So I have a guiding bolt
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's called the
Eric Rosenbaum: um,
Eric Rosenbaum: And I just
Eric Rosenbaum: do. I just roll the Oh, yeah, plus nine ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that is twenty four.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are you guys in there? And i'm not. It's really weird. I'm not linked to it where you guys are. Oh, well, it doesn't matter
Here
Eric Rosenbaum: You're logged into both T. And beyond, in real twenty.
Timothy Sackton: The like app that connects the two is not working for some reason. Oh, is it a browser extension? It is It's a browser extension? Yeah, I mean I. Your roles are still coming up in D. Beyond. They are. Yeah, it's fine. We're good. Do it it later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Timothy Sackton: So I did damage to the near lost with my yeah, that one's looking the the the one that was not disrupted by Kenz. I was looking pretty badly, and kenza your app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me see. So the red is the lava, right? So I can't nominally stand on that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably don't want to stand on that now. But i'm not in. Sorry, Tim, I want to. I wanted to fly back a little bit. I can fly as a dragon, Right?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah, on your turn. You can fly back. Oh, it's a liter that's fun.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, i'm gonna do a little uh just move and get myself right over here. So i'm i'm engaged with both of them now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, And I'm going to um attack the the the non-disoriented one right? Now. First.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fourteen.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that. Oh, wait a minute. Does that hit?
No,
Timothy Sackton: that does not hit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. I will do an unarmed strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: twenty,
Timothy Sackton: twenty just heads,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I will use um a key to do um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again disrupting strike.
Timothy Sackton: I got a good Christmas in
Timothy Sackton: uh Nope fails
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how much damage did I do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One thing here. I did one d eight plus since Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I do um eleven damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, and then i'll do an unarmed strike.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: twenty,
Timothy Sackton: that it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that's another eleven damage
Timothy Sackton: on the same one or on the first one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, i'll do it on the the wounded one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I kill it.
Timothy Sackton: Not quite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I'll spend a key and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: take another
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unarmed strength.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he Kansas, got a lot of fucking attacks. He wants to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Uh that. Just misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry. Okay, I think I'm done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So this one is no longer disrupted now, but the other one is still disrupted. Right?
Timothy Sackton: So these are. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I fly back, do they get opportunity attacks
Timothy Sackton: the one that's right next to you, does. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: you decide if it's worth doing that or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to cast a
Eric Rosenbaum: well. How badly wounded does the other lizard man look?
Timothy Sackton: Not that badly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me area that affect stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like so many. There's a lot of spells here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but I forgot he does his concentration on the folk cloud.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: twenty four cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will cast erupting earth and make a
Eric Rosenbaum: twenty foot cube
Eric Rosenbaum: of a mix of the moist jungle soil and lava explode outward around the wasps. Centered.
Timothy Sackton: Got it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ah, okay, let me just cast it so if I cast that at Fifth Level
Timothy Sackton: well, you might not want to use your Fifth Level slot, because who knows when you're getting going to get what's going.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's uh, you know we're almost done killing these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: So can we say instead, I did
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow, thirty. One
Eric Rosenbaum: um,
Timothy Sackton: You can just keep the first three rules. Eight, six, eight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's four of that. Twenty.
Eric Rosenbaum: At Fourth Level it's forty, twelve.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So just drop the three.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, they they get a save.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I know. I'm about to roll their saves.
Timothy Sackton: Well, one is going to die, no matter what
Timothy Sackton: that one failed it save
Timothy Sackton: the wounded one succeeds on its save, but it only has four hit points. So it doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: So you're casting it in fourth level.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I ticked off of where his level smells. So okay,
Timothy Sackton: still twenty-eight damage that's a good role
Timothy Sackton: And you can uh
Timothy Sackton: you are now not in combat because one's dead. So if you want to fly away now, you can. Oh, yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I will just fly back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The ankleosaurus
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: is going to just be the start lumbering forward.
Timothy Sackton: Uh It's gonna run. It's running through the lava here
Timothy Sackton: thirty-five feet
Timothy Sackton: so thirty feet in this is like looking around just like splashing lava as it runs. Um!
Timothy Sackton: This magma guy seems, is like now hiding in the forest. It doesn't see it, but it sees the two of you, and it turns and just begins to be charged through the lava, and it like skids to a stop Here, Um, kicking up
Timothy Sackton: a spray of magma as it it doesn't have. It's using its action to dash, but it does pick up fire. So both of you two need to make dexterity saving through us.
Timothy Sackton: Uh, not not Is I just um
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and Anari.
Oh,
Timothy Sackton: okay, And our is fine or succeeds on the same. Anyway. Twenty four.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. You also succeed on the Save,
Timothy Sackton: so you take no damage because you have evasion. So if you succeed on a save, you take no damage, and already takes half damage, so he takes seven points of fire. Damage!
Timothy Sackton: Um! And that's going to end the anklesaurus's turn,
Timothy Sackton: and that will bring up the one remaining still alive loss
Timothy Sackton: who is going to
Timothy Sackton: uh turn and sting Kenza the last one you hit it
Timothy Sackton: Ah, with its stinger.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! Which is a twenty two to hit
Timothy Sackton: that he?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you take
Timothy Sackton: ah seven points of piercing damage, plus
Timothy Sackton: ah
Timothy Sackton: three points of fire damage, because you're resistant to fire from that ring you got from Agata many years ago. But you do need to. You do need to make a Constitution saving throw. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what? That?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, seven!
Timothy Sackton: And you are
Timothy Sackton: poisoned and paralyzed by its venom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can repeat the saving throw on the end of each of your terms. Now that you're paralyzed,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I do this thing where I uh, I didn't give you cosmic omen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Oh, well,
Timothy Sackton: ah, yeah, no. Sorry it's too late.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, in the new the new version of the D and E. B. Which actually I really like rather than giving people Bartic inspiration in advance, you can use it as a reaction when somebody fails them. All.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's better, Jack,
Timothy Sackton: which I actually might just switch to doing that. So nobody has to remember that you gave them inspiration. You can just decide. Oh, you get I'm gonna do it from that way. Better as much. That makes sense. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um. But I can be in touch on myself. Right, Tim,
Timothy Sackton: uh it doesn't help you with It's just charmed and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no
Timothy Sackton: Ah, this is poison. Does it help with this? Ah, no,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's right.
Timothy Sackton: Right. It's poisoned condition. While you're poisoned. You are paralyzed, so you need to cure poison In order to get rid of that
Timothy Sackton: I I can cure poison. Somehow. You can also repeat the saving throw at the end of each of your terms. But in the meantime it's just slashed you badly with it's.
Timothy Sackton: Ah! With its claws,
Eric Rosenbaum: doing a total of
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: sixteen points of
Timothy Sackton: of piercing damage, as your paralyzed body cannot dodge out of the way of its stab,
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I know, and I
Timothy Sackton: looks over at you like,
Timothy Sackton: you know. Are you okay? And then notices that you are paralyzed.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: but he just wants to kill this one. Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah! But the anchalosaurus is going to be
Timothy Sackton: a problem. Oh, well, your turns before the an allosaurus he's going to stab at the wasp.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: uh!
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: twenty, two to hit, and that will do
Timothy Sackton: uh fifteen points of damage, which is enough to kill the was
Timothy Sackton: nine is going to turn, and it's going to look at the
um
Timothy Sackton: at the
Timothy Sackton: and klosaurus
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: um he'll yell out,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: well, he'll just stab at it again.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Timothy Sackton: so stabbing it again with his pike
Timothy Sackton: uh fourteen damage, and then attacking it with the back end of his pike
Timothy Sackton: swinging around um seventeen
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: seventeen is gonna hit as well, but as he stabs it that first time like fire spews out of it.
Timothy Sackton: Um! And he takes another six points of fire damage um! And then when he bashes it again, like just like encased in flames.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: uh
Timothy Sackton: forgot to add the
Timothy Sackton: mark. So thirteen plus
Timothy Sackton: for
Timothy Sackton: ten,
Timothy Sackton: twenty,
Timothy Sackton: seven,
Timothy Sackton: but he takes another four points of fire damage, and he's now
Timothy Sackton: he's now looking a bit hurt, having taken fifty-seven points of damage,
Eric Rosenbaum: and that will end his turn.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzel your up. Make another save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Con save right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, fucking hell. Ten
Timothy Sackton: still paralyzed in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's all right. You're up
Eric Rosenbaum: whoops Um!
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm going to fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's flying, flying as part of is not my action
Eric Rosenbaum: that one I like to go to. Here.
I will do a healing spell, or
Eric Rosenbaum: actually,
Timothy Sackton: you're much better off getting rid of the poison if you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay,
Eric Rosenbaum: so um
Eric Rosenbaum: First Level cure.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cannot do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a restoration. It should be able to restoration can remove poisoned.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'll cast that on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Kenzo is no longer poisoned,
Eric Rosenbaum: but still paralyzed
Timothy Sackton: Ah no no longer paralyzed, because the
Timothy Sackton: it's a paralytic poison. So as long as your poisons are paralyzed. But as soon as you're not and paralyzed, how do I get on hurtless,
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: And i'm in Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Uh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So the Anchalosaurus is going to swing around It's Club,
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: which is an eleven that misses
Timothy Sackton: wasps are dead.
Timothy Sackton: Uh!
Timothy Sackton: And this creature here is gonna just run.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: now, seeing that this this dinosaur is distracted, is going to run back into the magma,
Timothy Sackton: and just kind of stand there
Timothy Sackton: coming to to the far side. Sort of wary of the three, the three of you.
Timothy Sackton: Um!
Timothy Sackton: Ah!
Timothy Sackton: And is going to take a step back.
Timothy Sackton: Um
Timothy Sackton: taking the opportunity attack,
Timothy Sackton: but getting away from this fire Splash opportunity tech misses, and is now going to stab
um.
Eric Rosenbaum: The P. Is really well.
Timothy Sackton: The pike is long, missing ones hitting once
Timothy Sackton: natural, twenty on the last attack, so he does
Timothy Sackton: fifteen. Wow! He's rolling really well.
Timothy Sackton: A total of
Timothy Sackton: thirty forty points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ooh! As he stabs twice, the first stab going wide, but then the second stamp um hitting perfectly, and opening off a
Timothy Sackton: a a wound for the
for the last attack,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Kenz has turned
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, so i'm now un poisoned and unparalleled
Timothy Sackton: uh intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Unfortunately, I don't know what that means. Twenty five
Timothy Sackton: I will try to do. I'll do a Christmas one again. I'll do. I'll do another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You will damage first, because you might kill it. Okay, okay,
uh, where is my staff? Damage?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thirteen?
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes, that kills it. You do take seven points of fire damage as it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: flame shoots out of its body as you hit it with its staff. But that's half So you are just three, three, three, three
Timothy Sackton: um! And then it it dies, its body slipping backwards through this disrupted terrain, and sinking into the magma,
Timothy Sackton: and it begins to just fall backwards into the lava.
Timothy Sackton: And as it does this
Timothy Sackton: fire dancer
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks warily across at you at the three of you,
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks back and forth among you,
Timothy Sackton: and then says
Timothy Sackton: in in Lizard Lang in Lizard folk.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of slightly differential to the Lizard folks, since this is not, you know his like, you know, land and stuff,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I
Eric Rosenbaum: is our hovers forward still in
Eric Rosenbaum: a starry dragon form.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uh
Eric Rosenbaum: and says,
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we're here to restore balance
Eric Rosenbaum: to the footprint of the gods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tens of knots and ads.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever disharmony has befallen this land, we aim to help
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: restore it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And who are you
Timothy Sackton: kind of looks and like um sort of dances back away from you slightly.
Timothy Sackton: You are late.
Timothy Sackton: You are late, my friends,
Timothy Sackton: maybe too late.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dear,
Eric Rosenbaum: that is forward again.
Timothy Sackton: My name you may call me
Timothy Sackton: Ember. It translates into your tongue,
Timothy Sackton: Sony, nigh.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And you
Timothy Sackton: looks at you, Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: A human here.
Timothy Sackton: By what strangeness has this been wrought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: forces beyond
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my own conception and understanding of brought me here. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I learned I've been learning from the Lizard folk, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they sent me here to try to understand
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what has occurred, and I'm here in service
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you might have destroyed my home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is happens
Timothy Sackton: looks down
Timothy Sackton: tears everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: My home is ripped apart, and
Timothy Sackton: you wander in now.
Timothy Sackton: The fires have been burning for months.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, nothing can be done of nothing can be done about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the past. We're here now,
Timothy Sackton: and you say you are to fix the land?
Timothy Sackton: That is a rather
Timothy Sackton: because i'm sure of you, is it not?
Timothy Sackton: What if the land doesn't want to be fixed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then there's nothing to be done.
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the land does want to be fixed. At least my land, the palace of your land.
Timothy Sackton: He looks up at them
Timothy Sackton: at the uh volcano.
Timothy Sackton: So me and I
Timothy Sackton: that is me. That is my home,
Timothy Sackton: the Lizard folk
Timothy Sackton: um
Timothy Sackton: Carl, it sugar.
Timothy Sackton: But that is not its name.
Timothy Sackton: It's not my name.
Timothy Sackton: Fire is good,
Timothy Sackton: but this is not. This is not natural.
Timothy Sackton: It's too much,
Timothy Sackton: reaches his hand down and scoops up this like pile of lava, and it like drips down
Timothy Sackton: from his from his hands.
Timothy Sackton: I could swim down
Timothy Sackton: forever in this,
Timothy Sackton: holds up his hand again
Timothy Sackton: tear this
Timothy Sackton: ruin
Timothy Sackton: runs across
Timothy Sackton: it like runs up towards you like holding to like pile, you know handfuls of lava.
Timothy Sackton: This is what's been wrought, not
Timothy Sackton: the natural order of things,
Timothy Sackton: cigars ruined,
Timothy Sackton: elapsing
Timothy Sackton: into some.
Timothy Sackton: Wherever this lava goes, whatever is at the bottom of this is consuming my mountain,
Eric Rosenbaum: so you were part
Eric Rosenbaum: or hold
Eric Rosenbaum: of the volcano,
Timothy Sackton: you could say that. Yes, I
Timothy Sackton: runs across again,
Timothy Sackton: throws like
Timothy Sackton: lava up into the sky.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: yes, I am of the volcano because of me
Timothy Sackton: came from the depths.
Timothy Sackton: The beasts
Timothy Sackton: they've been ruined.
Timothy Sackton: It all started with
Timothy Sackton: Matua came.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that it?
Timothy Sackton: You know not even what you seek in these dangerous woods.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true.
Timothy Sackton: I pity you.
Timothy Sackton: You will surely fail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, perhaps, if you enlighten us that it will help increase the odds.
Timothy Sackton: What do you know of?
Timothy Sackton: Well, what do you know of anything?
Timothy Sackton: I assume we know nothing. No of this place.
Can you feel it?
Timothy Sackton: Can you feel them
Timothy Sackton: Whirlwind
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo points towards the whirlwind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I felt that since I arrived what's going on? What is that? The Lizard folk don't understand it, either.
Timothy Sackton: Motua
Timothy Sackton: Great
Timothy Sackton: beast.
I don't know the word
Timothy Sackton: any tongue but my own
Timothy Sackton: Ramanaka, Palmer, Kazoo
Timothy Sackton: Up,
Timothy Sackton: creature of the
Timothy Sackton: the veil,
Eric Rosenbaum: a creature of the veil,
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: river of souls,
Timothy Sackton: the border beyond, between life and death,
Eric Rosenbaum: the veil!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What of the bell?
Timothy Sackton: Where Motu? I came from?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From the on the nail
Eric Rosenbaum: and down the veil
Timothy Sackton: not beyond. We misunderstand
Timothy Sackton: from the land of the dead.
Timothy Sackton: It is not inhabited solely by the souls of the dead. Passing on in their journey to the far beyond. No,
Timothy Sackton: there are spirits that dwell there
Timothy Sackton: and guide. Some say
Timothy Sackton: consumers of the damned; others claim,
Timothy Sackton: and I will not get involved in these pointless metaphysical arguments.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what brings Motua here?
Timothy Sackton: I wish I know
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: week
Timothy Sackton: these days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that
Timothy Sackton: the whirlwind
Timothy Sackton: brains my power?
Yes,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what is the cost of the world when
Eric Rosenbaum: it's Motela
Eric Rosenbaum: that he says who are well, what is much you are doing,
Eric Rosenbaum: you know. Not
Timothy Sackton: on up
Timothy Sackton: rampage,
Timothy Sackton: one dead,
Timothy Sackton: angry,
Timothy Sackton: lost,
Timothy Sackton: Trapped!
Timothy Sackton: I do not care what to. It must be slaughtered,
Timothy Sackton: driven out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is Matsua?
Timothy Sackton: You just point in you
Timothy Sackton: like, reaches up and sort of
Timothy Sackton: me just towards you. You're not listening, human.
Timothy Sackton: Motua, from beyond from the veil came here to destroy us or
Timothy Sackton: something.
Timothy Sackton: He drained my
Timothy Sackton: energy away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I aware of anything in the direction or location that they are referring to.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: like, What do you mean?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I see something there?
Timothy Sackton: It's a pretty thick jungle right so like you could see,
Timothy Sackton: you know, maybe a hundred feet. There's I mean they're talking like miles away, you could, you know, climb up to the top of the volcano. You might get a better view, although it might be dangerous,
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's not at the location of all humanoids immortals.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, No, it's not, it's. It's like towards the center of the footprint of the gods
Eric Rosenbaum: I see,
Timothy Sackton: so like the volcano is sort of north of here,
Timothy Sackton: and this is talking West,
really?
Timothy Sackton: Well, something must be done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I'm. Using where to go there. Can we speak with Matura?
Timothy Sackton: You're welcome to try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What form does My!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What form? Yes,
Timothy Sackton: great surface,
of course,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for its
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you familiar with such?
No
Eric Rosenbaum: serpent into one?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause Motua to calm down or turn home,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: will you be able to stop this
Timothy Sackton: once?
Timothy Sackton: All of fire was mine to command
Timothy Sackton: I could. He reaches his hand, and sort of
Timothy Sackton: I could push this way,
Timothy Sackton: I could conduct it like a symphony. I could
Timothy Sackton: control the flames.
Timothy Sackton: Now Motu has destroyed it all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what is your name, friend?
Timothy Sackton: You may call me Amber
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amber.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, my name is Kenzo, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my friends and I here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We will do our best to tame Motua, or at least render its
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: turbulence,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so that you made you that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: regain your powers and tame this fire once more,
Timothy Sackton: I would be most welcome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What can you tell us of Matsua.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What advice can you give us to help increase the odds that we succeed in our quest
Eric Rosenbaum: even to safely approach?
Timothy Sackton: I have not aired,
Timothy Sackton: not with My!
Timothy Sackton: Do you not feel the pull,
Timothy Sackton: feel it
dragging at your soul?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what can we do to prepare?
Eric Rosenbaum: What advice do you have for us
Timothy Sackton: my advice.
Timothy Sackton: I wish I could tell you. If I knew what to do, I would have done it myself.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you can sneak up on such a creature, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is fighting it the only way. Is there another way to subdue it or convince it to go home?
Timothy Sackton: It's destroyed my home,
Timothy Sackton: I would have it killed.
Timothy Sackton: It will not quarrel if that is not your way. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and where is that the thing we reasoned with?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is its home. Can we trap it somehow?
Timothy Sackton: It's home, as his land of the dead
Timothy Sackton: cannot go to this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a way to send it back to return it there. From once it came.
Timothy Sackton: There are
Timothy Sackton: many things that I can do,
Timothy Sackton: the power,
Timothy Sackton: the spirit realms,
Timothy Sackton: but I cannot reach the veil.
Timothy Sackton: I am bound to this place,
Timothy Sackton: this world
Timothy Sackton: You, though,
Timothy Sackton: who can say?
Timothy Sackton: Flickering, ever changeable souls of
Timothy Sackton: such creatures as humans?
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you could leave their way.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it would consume you and follow you to death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, I've already traversed that once.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Huh! Perhaps I could again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to initiate the snake into the order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's got to be. We've been fighting it.
Plan on Beechman is actually not a bad idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is this so getting close to a good stopping point.
Timothy Sackton: I I mean, I I don't want to cut the conversation short if you want to talk to the fire spirit
Timothy Sackton: amber more. But yeah, when you're done with this conversation. It's where I was putting on stopping
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't Seem like embers. Got much else to say in terms of like how they can help us with Motiva.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, um! I am interested in ways that we can stay in touch and be friends, because it's always viable to have a fire spirit in your back pocket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: September. If we're successful in our quest,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my hope is that we could be allies, and perhaps call upon you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the event. We need your aid in the future.
Timothy Sackton: If you need my aid
Timothy Sackton: here,
Timothy Sackton: I would listen.
Timothy Sackton: Do not travel
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's one thing I've learned about this land Sometimes travel is something that occurs against your will. I don't know how I ended up here six thousand miles from my own home, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it happened so. Never say never, my friend.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And here I thought that staff you hold was from these very woods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's from the All in woods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: thousands of miles from here,
Timothy Sackton: fascinating
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: indeed! And yet
Timothy Sackton: the energy of this place runs through it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The staff has uh
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're an accustomed to the land here. It likes it here. I like it here,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hope that our fellowship can extend beyond this moment.
Timothy Sackton: He holds up a finger, and it starts it like smokes and flames slightly
Timothy Sackton: reaches out towards your staff. May I
kenzo?
Timothy Sackton: She patches it, and he like traces a design of a run
Timothy Sackton: that looks kind of like a ah one of these Ohhana trees,
Timothy Sackton: and he, like flicks, and like red fire, runs through it.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps that will be a blessing for you
Timothy Sackton: should you need it in the future.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tens of looks at the room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does it mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does it do?
Eric Rosenbaum: Terrible.
Timothy Sackton: I have little power left, but
Timothy Sackton: controls.
Timothy Sackton: It will fill with
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: energy of
Timothy Sackton: life and death of
Timothy Sackton: Hannah, of the
Timothy Sackton: not just the
Timothy Sackton: Simon I. The volcano. My home is
Timothy Sackton: life and death,
Timothy Sackton: fertility and destruction,
Timothy Sackton: speed,
Timothy Sackton: agonizing slowness all at once,
Timothy Sackton: although there is very little power in this,
Timothy Sackton: can
Timothy Sackton: speed you up
Timothy Sackton: or slow down your enemies
Timothy Sackton: should you need it,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amber. Thank you, my friend. We will uh use this power wisely, and again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we return.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I appreciate you for helping to bring balance back to this land as well.
Timothy Sackton: If you return
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when we return,
Timothy Sackton: sort of gives a bow
Timothy Sackton: and dies into the lava, and then begins swimming upriver back towards the volcano,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sweet,
Timothy Sackton: and I think that is a good place to stop.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. We will deal with how you will cross the Lava River tomorrow next time. Anything that.
Timothy Sackton: Uh well, you can fly, so you don't have any problem, and I can probably run across the.